
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3959186000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  95981                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34373892                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   197764                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              379920955                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000201                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2060908                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003959                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3959186000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            239610                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000201                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2060908                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      201651                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            74                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      139464                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            62                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1319845                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           164                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3959175                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3959175                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1493498                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              634819                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       176827                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  81407                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         81407                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               136568                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               69051                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       43021                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1990455                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1990455                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3845604                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1603940                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      201373                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        340746                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     139373                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14342      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1643775     79.76%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       20      0.00%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2029      0.10%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20512      1.00%     81.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      454      0.02%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    14402      0.70%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   24566      1.19%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   190021      9.22%     92.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  137380      6.67%     99.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11352      0.55%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2060933                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        10675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           12425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10675                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1750                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          12425                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1792                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2230                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4022                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107688000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138193000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    245881000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107688000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138193000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    245881000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        12467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        16447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        12467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        16447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.143739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.560302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.244543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.143739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.560302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.244543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60093.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61969.955157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61134.012929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60093.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61969.955157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61134.012929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104104000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    133733000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    237837000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104104000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    133733000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    237837000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.143739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.560302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.143739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.560302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58093.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59969.955157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59134.012929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58093.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59969.955157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59134.012929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          12425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107688000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138193000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    245881000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        12467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        16447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.143739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.560302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.244543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60093.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61969.955157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61134.012929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104104000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    133733000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    237837000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.143739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.560302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58093.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59969.955157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59134.012929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2948                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2948                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2948                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2948                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3959186000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3012.294588                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1453.354210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1558.940379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.011088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.011894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.022982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.030685                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            23417                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           23417                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3959186000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1303766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1303766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1303766                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1303766                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          16079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              16079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         16079                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             16079                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    395508000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    395508000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    395508000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    395508000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1319845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1319845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24597.798371                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24597.798371                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24597.798371                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24597.798371                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    363352000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    363352000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    363352000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    363352000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22597.922756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22597.922756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22597.922756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22597.922756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      15822                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1303766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1303766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         16079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             16079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    395508000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    395508000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1319845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24597.798371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24597.798371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    363352000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    363352000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22597.922756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22597.922756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3959186000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.432228                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1117186                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 15822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 70.609657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.432228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.982157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.982157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1335923                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1335923                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3959186000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4022                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4022                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       257408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       257408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  257408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4022000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21476000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3959186000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          114688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          142720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              257408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       114688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         114688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4022                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           28967571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           36047814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               65015384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      28967571                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          28967571                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          28967571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          36047814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              65015384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1792.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2230.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9060                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4022                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4022                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                 85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      36376500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    20110000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                111789000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9044.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27794.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2674                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4022                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4022                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     191.049740                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    140.313962                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    183.156020                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           476     35.34%     35.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          519     38.53%     73.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          185     13.73%     87.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           78      5.79%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           27      2.00%     95.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           21      1.56%     96.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           13      0.97%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.67%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           19      1.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  257408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   257408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         65.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      65.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3955522000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      983471.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       114688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       142720                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 28967570.606685314327                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 36047813.868810407817                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1792                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2230                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     47950000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     63839000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26757.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28627.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     66.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5126520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2721015                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             14237160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      312237120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1074518970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         615469440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2024310225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         511.294550                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1590090500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    132080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2237015500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4498200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2390850                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             14479920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      312237120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         650657280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         972405600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1956668970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         494.209913                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2521653000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    132080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1305453000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3959186000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3959186000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3959186000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           333963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               333963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          333963                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              333963                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           7127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               7127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          7127                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              7127                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256615000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    256615000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256615000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    256615000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       341090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           341090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       341090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          341090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36006.033394                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36006.033394                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36006.033394                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36006.033394                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3963                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3963                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    242361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    242361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    242361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    242361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34006.033394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34006.033394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34006.033394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34006.033394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6871                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          197308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              197308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    103702000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103702000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       201651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          201651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23877.964541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23877.964541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     95016000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95016000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21877.964541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21877.964541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         136655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             136655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152913000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    152913000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       139439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         139439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54925.646552                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54925.646552                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147345000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147345000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019966                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019966                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52925.646552                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52925.646552                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3959186000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               250.615568                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  291894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6871                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 42.482026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   250.615568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.978967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.978967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                348217                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               348217                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3959186000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3959186000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3959186000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                6758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3611                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3147                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               6758                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         12468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             16448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            16448                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    266175000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    185473000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    451648000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    266175000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    185473000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    451648000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           23206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          23206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.708782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.708782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21348.652551                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46601.256281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27459.143969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21348.652551                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46601.256281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27459.143969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2948                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2948                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    241241000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    177513000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    418754000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    241241000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    177513000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    418754000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19348.812961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44601.256281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25459.265564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19348.812961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44601.256281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25459.265564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     18586                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               6758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            16448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    266175000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    185473000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    451648000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          23206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.708782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21348.652551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46601.256281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27459.143969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    241241000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    177513000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    418754000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19348.812961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44601.256281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25459.265564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3963                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3963                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3963                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3963                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3959186000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.669252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  25317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                18586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.362154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   112.598948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   190.840261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   196.230043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.219920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.372735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.383262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.975917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                46267                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               46267                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3959186000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                23206                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               23205                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3963                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        32157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   50374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       709760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1028992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1738752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            80390000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             43021000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            35635000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3959186000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3959186000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3959186000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3959186000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7739506000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 100886                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34389372                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   207961                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    19.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              390374377                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000131                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4122993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007740                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7739506000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            489718                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000131                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4122993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      394326                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           139                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      255607                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            96                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2631699                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           227                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7739495                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7739495                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3011621                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1279102                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       359547                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 163836                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        163836                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               275975                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              140648                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       88243                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3981139                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3981139                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7662100                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3220116                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      393659                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        649083                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     255424                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 27732      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3319894     80.52%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.10%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    42408      1.03%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.04%     82.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    29136      0.71%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   49083      1.19%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   369987      8.97%     93.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  253431      6.15%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               23672      0.57%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4123035                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    15                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           23206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19803                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3403                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          23206                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2411                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4852                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7263                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    146580000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    294894000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    441474000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    146580000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    294894000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    441474000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        30469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        30469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.108535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.238373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.108535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.238373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60796.350062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60777.823578                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60783.973565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60796.350062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60777.823578                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60783.973565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    141758000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    285190000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    426948000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    141758000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    285190000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    426948000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.108535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.108535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58796.350062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58777.823578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58783.973565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58796.350062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58777.823578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58783.973565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          23206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    146580000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    294894000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    441474000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        30469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.108535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.238373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60796.350062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60777.823578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60783.973565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    141758000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    285190000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    426948000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.108535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58796.350062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58777.823578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58783.973565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5560                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5560                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5560                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5560                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7739506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3978.234984                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1723.290362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2254.944621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.013148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.017204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.030352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7263                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1579                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.055412                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            43292                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           43292                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7739506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2602584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2602584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2602584                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2602584                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29115                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29115                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    668069000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    668069000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    668069000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    668069000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2631699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2631699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22945.869827                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22945.869827                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22945.869827                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22945.869827                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    609839000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    609839000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    609839000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    609839000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20945.869827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20945.869827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20945.869827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20945.869827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28859                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2602584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2602584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    668069000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    668069000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2631699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22945.869827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22945.869827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    609839000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    609839000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20945.869827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20945.869827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7739506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.663331                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2321747                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28859                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.451402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.663331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2660814                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2660814                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7739506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7263                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7263                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       464832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       464832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  464832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7263000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           38725000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7739506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          154304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          310528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              464832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       154304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         154304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2411                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4852                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7263                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           19937190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           40122457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               60059647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      19937190                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          19937190                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          19937190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          40122457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              60059647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2411.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4852.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                16512                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7263                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7263                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      63203750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    36315000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                199385000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8702.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27452.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5048                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  69.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7263                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2214                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     209.517615                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    147.264367                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    214.937745                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           760     34.33%     34.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          844     38.12%     72.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          296     13.37%     85.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          113      5.10%     90.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           42      1.90%     92.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           32      1.45%     94.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           47      2.12%     96.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           27      1.22%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           53      2.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2214                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  464832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   464832                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         60.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      60.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7738748000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1065502.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       154304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       310528                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 19937189.789632566273                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 40122457.428161434829                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2411                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4852                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     66187750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    133197250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27452.41                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27452.03                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6640200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3525555                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             20234760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      610337520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1468917930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1734986880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3844642845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         496.755587                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4496580750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    258180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2984745250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9174900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4876575                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             31623060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      610337520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1704697290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1536435840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3897145185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         503.539268                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3977352000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    258180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3503974000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7739506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7739506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7739506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           635260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               635260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          635260                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              635260                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14631                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14631                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    537758000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    537758000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    537758000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    537758000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       649891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           649891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       649891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          649891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.022513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36754.698927                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36754.698927                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36754.698927                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36754.698927                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7475                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7475                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    508498000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    508498000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    508498000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    508498000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34754.835623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34754.835623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34754.835623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34754.835623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14374                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          384481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              384481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          9845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              9845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287179000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    287179000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       394326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          394326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29170.035551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29170.035551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    267491000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    267491000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27170.238700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27170.238700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         250779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             250779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4786                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4786                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    250579000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    250579000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       255565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         255565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52356.665274                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52356.665274                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4786                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4786                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241007000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    241007000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018727                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018727                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50356.665274                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50356.665274                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7739506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.245565                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  646584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14374                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 44.982886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.245565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                664521                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               664521                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7739506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7739506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7739506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               13276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6375                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              13276                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             30470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            30470                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    430540000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    392505000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    823045000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    430540000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    392505000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    823045000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           43746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          43746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.696521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.696521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19381.471144                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47541.787791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27011.650804                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19381.471144                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47541.787791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27011.650804                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5560                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5560                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        30470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    386112000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    375995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    762107000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    386112000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    375995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    762107000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17381.471144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45542.030039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25011.716442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17381.471144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45542.030039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25011.716442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     34255                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              13276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            30470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    430540000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    392505000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    823045000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          43746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.696521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19381.471144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47541.787791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27011.650804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    386112000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    375995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    762107000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17381.471144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45542.030039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25011.716442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7475                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7475                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7475                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7475                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7739506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.692139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                34255                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.479813                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   103.488286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   161.926621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   240.277232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.202126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.316263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.469291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          316                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                85988                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               85988                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7739506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                43746                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               43745                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7475                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        36736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   94966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1414720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1863360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3278080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145575000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             81121000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            73150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7739506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7739506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7739506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7739506000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11223707000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 110980                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34389504                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   225599                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    27.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              415189425                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000067                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6098549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011224                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11223707000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            774141                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000067                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6098549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      556572                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           268                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      317944                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           112                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3908910                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11223696                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11223696                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4349543                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1922868                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       559802                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      145332                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5937570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5937570                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11279380                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4828317                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      555525                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        873286                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     317761                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30673      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5050674     82.82%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.07%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.89%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.03%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.53%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.85%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   528913      8.67%     94.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  315768      5.18%     99.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.44%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6098599                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           25628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19837                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5791                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          25628                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        10722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         13143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2421                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10722                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        13143                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147114000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    636392000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    783506000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147114000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    636392000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    783506000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        38771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        38771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.108770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.338990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.108770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.338990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60765.799257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59353.851893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59613.938979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60765.799257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59353.851893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59613.938979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        13143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        13143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    142272000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    614948000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    757220000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    142272000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    614948000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    757220000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.108770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.108770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338990                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58765.799257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57353.851893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57613.938979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58765.799257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57353.851893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57613.938979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          25628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        13143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147114000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    636392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    783506000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        38771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.108770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.338990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60765.799257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59353.851893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59613.938979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    142272000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    614948000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    757220000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.108770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58765.799257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57353.851893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57613.938979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11223707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6041.433165                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1937.491529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4103.941636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.014782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.031311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.046092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          877                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2722                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.100273                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            58044                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           58044                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11223707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3879749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3879749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3879749                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3879749                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29161                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29161                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    669449000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    669449000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    669449000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    669449000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3908910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3908910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22956.997359                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22956.997359                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22956.997359                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22956.997359                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    611127000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    611127000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    611127000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    611127000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20956.997359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20956.997359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20956.997359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20956.997359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28905                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3879749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3879749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    669449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    669449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3908910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22956.997359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22956.997359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    611127000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    611127000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20956.997359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20956.997359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11223707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.388709                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2326345                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28905                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.482442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.388709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3938071                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3938071                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11223707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               13143                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13143                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        26286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        26286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  26286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       841152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       841152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  841152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            13143000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           69725250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11223707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          154944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          686208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              841152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       154944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         154944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10722                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                13143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           13805065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           61139158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               74944223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      13805065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          13805065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          13805065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          61139158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              74944223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2421.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     10722.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                29168                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        13143                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      13143                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      99345500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    65715000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                345776750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7558.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26308.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     10318                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  78.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  13143                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    13143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2824                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     297.813031                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    189.242747                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    304.242533                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           798     28.26%     28.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          905     32.05%     60.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          429     15.19%     75.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          137      4.85%     80.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           62      2.20%     82.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           53      1.88%     84.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          124      4.39%     88.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          107      3.79%     92.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          209      7.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2824                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  841152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   841152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         74.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      74.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11223068000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      853919.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       154944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       686208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 13805064.583385864273                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 61139158.390360690653                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2421                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10722                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     66389000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    279387750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27422.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26057.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     78.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9110640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4838625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             41811840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      885696240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2415299190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2275967520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5632724055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         501.859506                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5894644750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    374660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4954402250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11059860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5878455                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             52029180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      885696240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2340864030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2338649760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5634177525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         501.989006                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6056904750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    374660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4792142250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11223707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11223707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11223707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           850858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               850858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          850858                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              850858                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23608                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23608                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1035203000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1035203000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1035203000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1035203000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       874466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           874466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       874466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          874466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43849.669604                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43849.669604                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43849.669604                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43849.669604                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8294                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8294                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    987989000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    987989000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    987989000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    987989000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41849.754321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41849.754321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41849.754321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41849.754321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      23351                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          538398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              538398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         18174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             18174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    749305000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    749305000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       556572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          556572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41229.503687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41229.503687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    712959000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    712959000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39229.613734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39229.613734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         312460                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             312460                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5434                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5434                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    285898000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    285898000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       317894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         317894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52612.808244                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52612.808244                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5434                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5434                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    275030000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    275030000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50612.808244                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50612.808244                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11223707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.100631                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  870581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 23351                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.282386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.100631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                898073                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               898073                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11223707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11223707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11223707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               13997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7094                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              13997                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             38772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            38772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431626000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    829617000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1261243000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431626000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    829617000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1261243000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           52769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          52769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.734750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.734750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19391.948962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50237.192685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32529.737955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19391.948962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50237.192685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32529.737955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6130                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6130                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    387110000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    796591000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1183701000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    387110000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    796591000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1183701000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.734750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.734750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17391.948962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48237.313794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30529.789539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17391.948962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48237.313794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30529.789539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     42979                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              13997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            38772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431626000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    829617000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1261243000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          52769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.734750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19391.948962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50237.192685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32529.737955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    387110000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    796591000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1183701000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.734750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17391.948962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48237.313794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30529.789539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8294                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8294                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8294                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8294                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11223707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.650303                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  60472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                42979                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.407013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    75.180681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   111.972445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   320.497177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.146837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.218696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.625971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          258                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               104554                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              104554                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11223707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                52769                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               52768                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8294                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        55509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  113831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2041664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1866304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3907968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145805000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             94239000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           118035000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11223707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11223707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11223707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11223707000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14494262000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 115999                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34389504                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   231744                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    34.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              420288766                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000376                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7992012                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014494                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14494262000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1034976                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000376                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7992012                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      736330                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           366                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      408905                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           147                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5167019                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14494251                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14494251                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5519727                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2508072                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       727795                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      204686                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7831049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7831049                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14932898                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6370000                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      735283                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1144005                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     408722                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30674      0.38%      0.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6673434     83.50%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.05%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.68%     84.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.02%     84.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.40%     85.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.65%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   708671      8.87%     94.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  406729      5.09%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.33%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7992079                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        12362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           32199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19837                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        12362                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          32199                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        11873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         14301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2428                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        11873                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        14301                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147520000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    702812000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    850332000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147520000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    702812000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    850332000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        46500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        46500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.489911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.307548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.489911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.307548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60757.825371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59194.137960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59459.618209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60757.825371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59194.137960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59459.618209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        14301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        14301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    142664000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    679066000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    821730000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    142664000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    679066000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    821730000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.489911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.307548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.489911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.307548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58757.825371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57194.137960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57459.618209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58757.825371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57194.137960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57459.618209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        12362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          32199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        11873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        14301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147520000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    702812000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    850332000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        46500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.489911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.307548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60757.825371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59194.137960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59459.618209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    142664000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    679066000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    821730000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.489911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.307548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58757.825371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57194.137960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57459.618209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7653                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7653                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7653                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7653                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14494262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7807.638182                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2047.312400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  5760.325783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.015620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.043948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.059568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14301                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9993                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.109108                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            68454                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           68454                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14494262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5137851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5137851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5137851                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5137851                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    669974000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    669974000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    669974000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    669974000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5167019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5167019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5167019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5167019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22969.487109                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22969.487109                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22969.487109                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22969.487109                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    611638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    611638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    611638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    611638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20969.487109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20969.487109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20969.487109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20969.487109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28912                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5137851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5137851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    669974000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    669974000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5167019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5167019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22969.487109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22969.487109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    611638000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    611638000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20969.487109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20969.487109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14494262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.752288                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2326476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.467488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.752288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5196187                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5196187                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14494262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14301                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14301                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        28602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        28602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  28602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       915264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       915264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  915264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            14301000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           75894500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14494262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          155392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          759872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              915264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       155392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         155392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            11873                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                14301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10720932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           52425712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               63146644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10720932                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10720932                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10720932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          52425712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              63146644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2428.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     11873.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                32324                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        14301                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      14301                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     105865750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    71505000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                374009500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7402.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26152.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11110                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  77.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  14301                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    14301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3191                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     286.826700                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    188.631702                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    288.866247                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           845     26.48%     26.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1004     31.46%     57.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          650     20.37%     78.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          137      4.29%     82.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           62      1.94%     84.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           53      1.66%     86.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          124      3.89%     90.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          107      3.35%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          209      6.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3191                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  915264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   915264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         63.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      63.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14488649000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1013121.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       155392                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       759872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10720932.186819858849                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 52425711.636784262955                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2428                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        11873                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     66561500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    307448000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27414.13                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25894.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9996000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5313000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             45167640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1143845040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2822559060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3188904960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7215785700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         497.837399                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8264577500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    483860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5745824500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12787740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6796845                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             56941500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1143845040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3048578310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2998572960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7267522395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         501.406860                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7766324250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    483860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6244077750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14494262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14494262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14494262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1112529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1112529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1112529                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1112529                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          32639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              32639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         32639                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             32639                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1265675000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1265675000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1265675000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1265675000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1145168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1145168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1145168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1145168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38777.995649                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38777.995649                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38777.995649                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38777.995649                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10167                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10167                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         32639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1200399000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1200399000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1200399000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1200399000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36778.056926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36778.056926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36778.056926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36778.056926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      32382                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          710643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              710643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    888277000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    888277000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       736330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          736330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34580.799626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34580.799626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    836905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    836905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32580.877487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32580.877487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         401886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             401886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6952                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6952                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    377398000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    377398000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       408838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         408838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017004                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017004                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54286.248562                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54286.248562                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363494000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    363494000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52286.248562                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52286.248562                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14494262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.529213                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1133369                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 32382                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 34.999969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.529213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1177806                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1177806                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14494262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14494262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14494262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               15306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8403                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              15306                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         24236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             46501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            46501                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    432109000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    994121000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1426230000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    432109000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    994121000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1426230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           61807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          61807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.752358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.752358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19407.545475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41018.361116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30670.953313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19407.545475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41018.361116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30670.953313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7653                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7653                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    387579000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    945651000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1333230000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    387579000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    945651000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1333230000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17407.545475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39018.443638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28670.996323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17407.545475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39018.443638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28670.996323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     51612                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              15306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            46501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    432109000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    994121000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1426230000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          61807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.752358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19407.545475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41018.361116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30670.953313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    387579000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    945651000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1333230000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17407.545475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39018.443638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28670.996323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10167                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10167                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10167                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10167                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14494262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.631789                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  71342                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                51612                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.382275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    71.052618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    86.728655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   350.850517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.138775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.169392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.685255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               124098                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              124098                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14494262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                61807                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               61806                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10167                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  133780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2739520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1866752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4606272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            112642000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           163190000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14494262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14494262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14494262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14494262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17739126000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 125141                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34389504                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   247807                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    39.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              443969898                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000083                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9901284                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017739                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17739126000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1268510                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000083                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9901284                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      920708                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           417                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      511340                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6441252                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17739115                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17739115                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6523537                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3081676                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       854806                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      270240                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9740329                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9740329                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18747386                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7943311                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      919661                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1430818                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     511157                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30674      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8295901     83.79%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.04%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.55%     84.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.02%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.32%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.53%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   893049      9.02%     94.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  509164      5.14%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.27%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9901359                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        16289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           36126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19837                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        16289                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          36126                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         14813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2428                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12385                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        14813                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147520000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    735481000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    883001000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147520000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    735481000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    883001000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        28674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        28674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.431924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.290799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.431924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.290799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60757.825371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59384.820347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59609.869709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60757.825371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59384.820347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59609.869709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        14813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        14813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    142664000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    710711000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    853375000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    142664000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    710711000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    853375000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.431924                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.431924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58757.825371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57384.820347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57609.869709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58757.825371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57384.820347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57609.869709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        16289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          36126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        14813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147520000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    735481000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    883001000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.431924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.290799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60757.825371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59384.820347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59609.869709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    142664000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    710711000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    853375000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.431924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58757.825371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57384.820347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57609.869709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8459                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8459                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8459                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8459                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17739126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         9043.390920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2116.948271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  6926.442649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.016151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.052845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.068996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14813                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7263                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.113014                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            74211                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           74211                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17739126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6412084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6412084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6412084                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6412084                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    669974000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    669974000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    669974000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    669974000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6441252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6441252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22969.487109                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22969.487109                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22969.487109                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22969.487109                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    611638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    611638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    611638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    611638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20969.487109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20969.487109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20969.487109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20969.487109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28912                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6412084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6412084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    669974000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    669974000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6441252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22969.487109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22969.487109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    611638000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    611638000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20969.487109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20969.487109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17739126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.980521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2326476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.467488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.980521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6470420                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6470420                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17739126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14813                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14813                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        29626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        29626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  29626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       948032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       948032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  948032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            14813000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           78650000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17739126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          155392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          792640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              948032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       155392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         155392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                14813                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            8759845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           44683148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               53442994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       8759845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           8759845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           8759845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          44683148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              53442994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2428.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12385.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                34182                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        14813                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      14813                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     111843250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    74065000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                389587000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7550.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26300.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11337                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  76.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  14813                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    14813                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3475                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     272.796547                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    180.024585                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    281.055189                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           946     27.22%     27.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1187     34.16%     61.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          650     18.71%     80.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          137      3.94%     84.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           62      1.78%     85.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           53      1.53%     87.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          124      3.57%     90.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          107      3.08%     93.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          209      6.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3475                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  948032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   948032                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         53.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      53.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17738606000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1197502.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       155392                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       792640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 8759845.327216234058                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 44683148.425689063966                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2428                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12385                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     66561500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    323025500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27414.13                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26081.99                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10595760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5627985                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             46374300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1400149920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3079158810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4218848640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8760755415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         493.866238                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10939823000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    592280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6207023000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14222880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7559640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             59390520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1400149920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3557177340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3816306720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8854807020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         499.168168                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9887279250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    592280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7259566750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17739126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17739126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17739126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1393689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1393689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1393689                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1393689                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          38284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              38284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         38284                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             38284                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1399753000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1399753000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1399753000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1399753000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1431973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1431973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1431973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1431973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36562.349807                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36562.349807                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36562.349807                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36562.349807                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           11267                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 11267                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         38284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1323187000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1323187000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1323187000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1323187000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34562.402048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34562.402048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34562.402048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34562.402048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      38027                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          890180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              890180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    976598000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    976598000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       920708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          920708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31990.238470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31990.238470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    915544000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    915544000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29990.303983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29990.303983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         503509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             503509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7756                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7756                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    423155000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    423155000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       511265                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         511265                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54558.406395                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54558.406395                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    407643000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    407643000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015170                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015170                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52558.406395                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52558.406395                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17739126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.798252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1415754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 38027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.230231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.798252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1470256                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1470256                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17739126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17739126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17739126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9609                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16512                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         28675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        28675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50940                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    432109000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1083473000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1515582000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    432109000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1083473000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1515582000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           67452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          67452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.755204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.755204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19407.545475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37784.585876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29752.296820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19407.545475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37784.585876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29752.296820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8459                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8459                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    387579000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1026125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1413704000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    387579000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1026125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1413704000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17407.545475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35784.655623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27752.336082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17407.545475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35784.655623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27752.336082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     56511                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        28675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    432109000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1083473000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1515582000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          67452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.755204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19407.545475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37784.585876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29752.296820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    387579000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1026125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1413704000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17407.545475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35784.655623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27752.336082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17739126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.247907                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  78076                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                56511                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.381607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    65.967130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    70.864137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   372.416640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.128842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.138407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.727376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               135742                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              135742                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17739126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                67452                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               67451                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         11267                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        87834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  146170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3171200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1866752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5037952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            123787000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           191415000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17739126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17739126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17739126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17739126000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                20995560000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 129494                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34389504                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   254909                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    46.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              453116098                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000184                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11811449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.020996                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 20995560000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1502225                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000184                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11811449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1105147                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           473                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      613838                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           179                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7716057                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         20995549                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   20995549                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7527682                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3655534                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       981880                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      335800                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11650502                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11650502                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22563386                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9517272                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1104101                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1717755                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     613654                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30674      0.26%      0.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9919137     83.98%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.03%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.46%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.01%     84.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.27%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.44%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1077489      9.12%     94.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  611661      5.18%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.23%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11811532                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        20309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           40146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19837                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        20309                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          40146                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         15331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2428                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12903                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        15331                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147520000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    769091000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    916611000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147520000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    769091000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    916611000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        55477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        55477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.388504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.276349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.388504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.276349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60757.825371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59605.595598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59788.076446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60757.825371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59605.595598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59788.076446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        15331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        15331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    142664000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    743285000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    885949000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    142664000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    743285000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    885949000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.388504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.388504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58757.825371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57605.595598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57788.076446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58757.825371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57605.595598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57788.076446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        20309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          40146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        15331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147520000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    769091000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    916611000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        55477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.388504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.276349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60757.825371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59605.595598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59788.076446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    142664000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    743285000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    885949000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.388504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58757.825371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57605.595598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57788.076446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9317                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9317                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9317                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9317                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20995560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         9980.429506                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2165.192730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7815.236776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.016519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.059626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.076145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15331                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13027                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.116966                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            80125                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           80125                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20995560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7686889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7686889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7686889                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7686889                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    669974000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    669974000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    669974000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    669974000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7716057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7716057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7716057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7716057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22969.487109                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22969.487109                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22969.487109                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22969.487109                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    611638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    611638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    611638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    611638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20969.487109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20969.487109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20969.487109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20969.487109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28912                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7686889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7686889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    669974000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    669974000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7716057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7716057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22969.487109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22969.487109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    611638000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    611638000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20969.487109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20969.487109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20995560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.138644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2326476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.467488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.138644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7745225                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7745225                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20995560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               15331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        30662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        30662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  30662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       981184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       981184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  981184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15331000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           81424250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20995560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          155392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          825792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              981184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       155392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         155392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                15331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7401184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           39331744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               46732928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7401184                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7401184                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7401184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          39331744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              46732928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2428.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12903.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                36054                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        15331                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      15331                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     118462500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    76655000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                405918750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7726.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26476.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11623                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  15331                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15331                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     264.666847                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    177.087823                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    274.065276                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           959     25.87%     25.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1406     37.93%     63.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          650     17.53%     81.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          137      3.70%     85.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           62      1.67%     86.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           53      1.43%     88.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          124      3.35%     91.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          107      2.89%     94.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          209      5.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  981184                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   981184                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         46.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      46.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    20992264000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1369269.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       155392                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       825792                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7401183.869351425208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 39331744.425964348018                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2428                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12903                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     66561500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    339357250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27414.13                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26300.65                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12252240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6508425                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             50072820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1657069440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3771382200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4886394240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10383679365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         494.565487                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12669214750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    700960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7625385250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14222880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7559640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             59390520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1657069440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3604114560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5027251200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10369608240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         493.895292                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13035033250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    700960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7259566750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20995560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20995560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20995560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1674292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1674292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1674292                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1674292                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          44610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              44610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         44610                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             44610                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1545371000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1545371000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1545371000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1545371000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1718902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1718902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1718902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1718902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34641.806770                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34641.806770                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34641.806770                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34641.806770                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12510                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12510                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         44610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1456153000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1456153000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1456153000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1456153000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32641.851603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32641.851603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32641.851603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32641.851603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      44353                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1069070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1069070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         36077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             36077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1075918000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1075918000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1105147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1105147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29822.823405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29822.823405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1003764000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1003764000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27822.823405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27822.823405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         605222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             605222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    469453000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    469453000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       613755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         613755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013903                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.013903                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55016.172507                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55016.172507                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8533                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8533                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    452389000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    452389000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013903                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013903                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53016.406891                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53016.406891                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20995560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.984644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1710684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 44353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 38.569747                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.984644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1763511                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1763511                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20995560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20995560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20995560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          11397                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             55478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33213                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            55478                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    432109000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1175041000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1607150000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    432109000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1175041000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1607150000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        44610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           73778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        44610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          73778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.751959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.751959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19407.545475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35378.948002                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28969.140921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19407.545475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35378.948002                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28969.140921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9317                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9317                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55478                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    387579000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1108617000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1496196000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    387579000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1108617000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1496196000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.751959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.751959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17407.545475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33379.008220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26969.176971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17407.545475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33379.008220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26969.176971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     61635                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          11397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            55478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    432109000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1175041000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1607150000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        44610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          73778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.751959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19407.545475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35378.948002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28969.140921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    387579000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1108617000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1496196000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.751959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17407.545475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33379.008220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26969.176971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12510                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12510                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12510                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12510                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20995560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.674760                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  85664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                61635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.389860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    66.062542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    59.873033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   383.739184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.129028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.116940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.749491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               148435                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              148435                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20995560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                73778                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               73777                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12510                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       101729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  160065                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3655616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1866752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5522368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            136328000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           223045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20995560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20995560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20995560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  20995560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24309229000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 133471                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34389636                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   261599                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    52.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              463507579                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13719874                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024309                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24309229000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1730692                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13719874                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1303127                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           604                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      732012                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           180                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8964792                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24309229                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24309229                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8458427                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4214332                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1108376                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      394303                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13558926                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13558926                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            26354402                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           11079054                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1302081                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2033910                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     731829                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30675      0.22%      0.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  11511406     83.90%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.03%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.39%     84.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.01%     84.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.23%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.38%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1275469      9.30%     94.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  729836      5.32%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.19%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13719957                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        30128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           49965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19837                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        30128                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          49965                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         15391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2435                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12956                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        15391                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147940000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    772288000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    920228000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147940000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    772288000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    920228000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        65356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        65356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.300715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.235495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.300715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.235495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60755.646817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59608.521149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59790.007147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60755.646817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59608.521149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59790.007147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        15391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        15391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143070000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    746376000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    889446000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143070000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    746376000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    889446000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.300715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.300715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58755.646817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57608.521149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57790.007147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58755.646817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57608.521149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57790.007147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        30128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          49965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        15391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147940000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    772288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    920228000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        65356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.300715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.235495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60755.646817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59608.521149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59790.007147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143070000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    746376000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    889446000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.300715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58755.646817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57608.521149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57790.007147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11938                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11938                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11938                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11938                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24309229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        10717.369130                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              77294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            15391                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.022026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2201.785875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8515.583255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.016798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.064969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.081767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.117424                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            92685                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           92685                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24309229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8935617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8935617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8935617                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8935617                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29175                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29175                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    670516000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    670516000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    670516000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    670516000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8964792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8964792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22982.553556                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22982.553556                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22982.553556                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22982.553556                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    612166000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    612166000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    612166000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    612166000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20982.553556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20982.553556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20982.553556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20982.553556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28919                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8935617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8935617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    670516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    670516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8964792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22982.553556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22982.553556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    612166000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    612166000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20982.553556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20982.553556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24309229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.256058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 8964792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 29175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                307.276504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.256058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8993967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8993967                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24309229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               15391                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15391                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        30782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        30782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  30782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       985024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       985024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  985024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15391000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           81746500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24309229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          155840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          829184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              985024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       155840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         155840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                15391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            6410734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           34109844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               40520578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       6410734                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           6410734                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           6410734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          34109844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              40520578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2435.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12956.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                37026                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        15391                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      15391                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     118952250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    76955000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                407533500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7728.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26478.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11652                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  15391                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3739                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     263.445841                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    176.411315                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    273.239522                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           968     25.89%     25.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1428     38.19%     64.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          651     17.41%     81.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          137      3.66%     85.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           62      1.66%     86.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           53      1.42%     88.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          124      3.32%     91.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          107      2.86%     94.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          209      5.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3739                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  985024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   985024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         40.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      40.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21684992000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1408939.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       155840                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       829184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 6410733.964454405010                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 34109843.631815716624                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2435                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12956                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     66747750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    340785750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27411.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26303.32                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12445020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6614685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             50451240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1918906080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3887495190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6061064160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11936976375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         491.047099                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15722007750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    811720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7775501250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14251440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7574820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             59440500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1918906080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3656622390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6255483360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11912278590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         490.031115                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16227653250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    811720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7269855750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24309229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24309229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24309229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1979620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1979620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1979620                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1979620                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          55436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              55436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         55436                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             55436                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1750387000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1750387000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1750387000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1750387000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2035056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2035056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2035056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2035056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31574.915218                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31574.915218                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31574.915218                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31574.915218                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15469                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15469                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         55436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1639515000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1639515000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1639515000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1639515000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29574.915218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29574.915218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29574.915218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29574.915218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      55180                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1256513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1256513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         46614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             46614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1273141000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1273141000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1303127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1303127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.035771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27312.416870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27312.416870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1179913000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1179913000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25312.416870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25312.416870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         723107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             723107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8822                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8822                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    477246000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    477246000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       731929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         731929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.012053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54097.256858                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54097.256858                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8822                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8822                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    459602000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    459602000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012053                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012053                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52097.256858                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52097.256858                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24309229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.123051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2035056                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 55436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 36.710008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.123051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2090492                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2090492                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24309229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24309229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24309229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          12352                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19255                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         43084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             65356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            65356                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    432606000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1306468000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1739074000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    432606000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1306468000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1739074000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        55436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           84611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        55436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          84611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.772429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.772429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19423.760776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30323.739671                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26609.247812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19423.760776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30323.739671                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26609.247812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11938                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11938                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        65356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        65356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    388062000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1220300000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1608362000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    388062000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1220300000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1608362000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17423.760776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28323.739671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24609.247812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17423.760776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28323.739671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24609.247812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     73543                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          12352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            65356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    432606000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1306468000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1739074000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        55436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          84611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.772429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19423.760776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30323.739671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26609.247812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        65356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    388062000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1220300000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1608362000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17423.760776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28323.739671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24609.247812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24309229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.991721                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 100080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                74055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.351428                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    67.761645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    51.742827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   390.487248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.132347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.101060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.762670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          288                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               174135                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              174135                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24309229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                84611                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               84611                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15469                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       126341                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  184691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4537920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1867200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6405120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145875000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            161956000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           277180000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24309229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24309229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24309229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24309229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
