
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3490838000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 100684                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34238488                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   178821                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              351447338                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000044                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1776176                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003491                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3490838000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            188595                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000044                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1776176                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      203372                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       99834                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1268563                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            83                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3490827                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3490827                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1305133                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1000612                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       166924                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       10869                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1761818                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1761818                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3292156                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1489074                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      203287                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        303043                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      99756                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7702      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1447378     81.49%     81.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    11298      0.64%     82.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.10%     82.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.03%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.06%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.03%     82.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.12%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.01%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.01%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   202332     11.39%     94.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   94238      5.31%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.05%     99.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1776188                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    48                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         3580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            4961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3580                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1381                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           4961                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          2863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1740                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         2863                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102326000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     67001000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    169327000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102326000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     67001000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    169327000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         2504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         7824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         7824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.327068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.448482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.365925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.327068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.448482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.365925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58808.045977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59662.511131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59143.206427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58808.045977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59662.511131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59143.206427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         2863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         2863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98846000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64755000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    163601000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98846000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64755000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    163601000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.327068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.448482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.327068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.448482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56808.045977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57662.511131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57143.206427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56808.045977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57662.511131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57143.206427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           4961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         2863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102326000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     67001000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    169327000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         7824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.327068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.448482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.365925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58808.045977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59662.511131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59143.206427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98846000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64755000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    163601000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.327068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.448482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.365925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56808.045977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57662.511131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57143.206427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1674                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1674                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1674                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1674                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2233.003001                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1295.452733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   937.550268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.039534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.028612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.068146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2863                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2774                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.087372                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            12361                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           12361                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1261866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1261866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1261866                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1261866                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           6697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               6697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          6697                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              6697                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220730000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    220730000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220730000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    220730000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1268563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1268563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1268563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1268563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32959.534120                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32959.534120                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32959.534120                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32959.534120                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    207336000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    207336000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    207336000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    207336000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30959.534120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30959.534120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30959.534120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30959.534120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       6441                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1261866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1261866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          6697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              6697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220730000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    220730000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1268563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1268563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32959.534120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32959.534120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    207336000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    207336000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30959.534120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30959.534120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               249.712053                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  975621                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  6441                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                151.470424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.712053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.975438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.975438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1275260                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1275260                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2863                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2863                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         5726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         5726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   5726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       183232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       183232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  183232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             2863000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           15203000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          111360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           71872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              183232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       111360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         111360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1740                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 2863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           31900650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           20588753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               52489402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      31900650                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          31900650                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          31900650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          20588753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              52489402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1740.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1123.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000576500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 6622                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         2863                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       2863                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      20278750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    14315000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 73960000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7083.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25833.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2239                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  78.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   2863                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     2863                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          624                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     293.641026                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    182.374621                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    302.902767                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           204     32.69%     32.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          179     28.69%     61.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           67     10.74%     72.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           44      7.05%     79.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           31      4.97%     84.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      3.21%     87.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      2.40%     89.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      1.44%     91.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           55      8.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           624                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  183232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   183232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         52.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      52.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3457847000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1207770.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       111360                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        71872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 31900649.643438052386                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 20588752.614701684564                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1740                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1123                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     44371250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     29588750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25500.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26347.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     78.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               1649340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy                876645                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy              9232020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      275358720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         219711060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1155462240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1662290025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         476.186527                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3001723000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    116480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    372635000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               2806020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1491435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             11209800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      275358720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         438758070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         971001600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1700625645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         487.168309                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2519861000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    116480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    854497000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           297123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               297123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          299216                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              299216                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           3968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               3968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          3978                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              3978                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    133862000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    133862000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134436000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    134436000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       301091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           301091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       303194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          303194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33735.383065                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33735.383065                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33794.871795                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33794.871795                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            2053                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  2053                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          3968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    125928000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125928000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    126482000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    126482000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31735.887097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31735.887097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31795.374560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31795.374560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       3721                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          198707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              198707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     56658000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56658000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       201269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          201269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22114.754098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22114.754098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     51536000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51536000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20115.534738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20115.534738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          98416                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              98416                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         1406                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             1406                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     77204000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77204000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        99822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          99822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54910.384068                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54910.384068                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     74392000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74392000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52910.384068                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52910.384068                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          2093                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              2093                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2103                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2103                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004755                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.004755                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004755                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004755                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               248.944716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  157977                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  3721                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 42.455523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.944716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.972440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.972440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                307171                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               307171                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            1473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                2850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1377                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           1473                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               2850                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          5320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          2505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              7825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2505                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             7825                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    168006000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97307000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    265313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    168006000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97307000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    265313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           10675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          10675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.733021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.733021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31580.075188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38845.109780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33905.814696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31580.075188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38845.109780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33905.814696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           1674                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 1674                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    157366000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92299000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    249665000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    157366000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92299000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    249665000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29580.075188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36845.908184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31906.070288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29580.075188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36845.908184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31906.070288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      8799                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           1473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               2850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             7825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    168006000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97307000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    265313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          10675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.733021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31580.075188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38845.109780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33905.814696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    157366000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92299000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    249665000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29580.075188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36845.908184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31906.070288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2053                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2053                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2053                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2053                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.874151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  11736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8799                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.333788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    57.539021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   364.699526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    77.635604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.112381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.712304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.151632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.976317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                22039                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               22039                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                10675                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               10674                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          2053                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        10008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        13394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   23402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       385920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       428608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   814528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            33485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             20940000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            19885000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3490838000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 6786829000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 119060                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34239416                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   208045                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    16.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              403778566                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2001162                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3496876                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.006787                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6786829000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            364519                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2001162                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3496876                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      380413                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      200616                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2572683                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            83                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          6786818                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    6786818                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2508684                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1966956                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       321959                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       16194                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3472878                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3472878                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6548777                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2946072                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      380328                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        580866                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     200538                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 15504      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2859809     81.78%     82.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    33942      0.97%     83.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.05%     83.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.02%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.03%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.02%     83.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.06%     83.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.01%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.01%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   379373     10.85%     94.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  195020      5.58%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.03%     99.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3496888                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    48                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         5630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         4387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           10017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5630                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4387                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          10017                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          2911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1788                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         2911                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105664000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     67001000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    172665000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105664000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     67001000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    172665000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         5510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        12928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         5510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        12928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.203811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.225170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.203811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.225170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59096.196868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59662.511131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59314.668499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59096.196868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59662.511131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59314.668499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         2911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         2911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102088000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64755000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    166843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102088000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64755000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    166843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.203811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.225170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.203811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.225170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57096.196868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57662.511131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57314.668499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57096.196868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57662.511131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57314.668499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         4387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          10017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         2911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105664000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     67001000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    172665000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         5510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        12928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.203811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.225170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59096.196868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59662.511131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59314.668499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102088000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64755000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    166843000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.203811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.225170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57096.196868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57662.511131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57314.668499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2936                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2936                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2936                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2936                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6786829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2551.154442                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1523.541399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1027.613042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.046495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.031360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.077855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2911                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2910                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.088837                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            18775                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           18775                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6786829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2563554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2563554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2563554                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2563554                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           9129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               9129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          9129                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              9129                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    268848000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    268848000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    268848000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    268848000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2572683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2572683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2572683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2572683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29449.884982                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29449.884982                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29449.884982                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29449.884982                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    250590000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    250590000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    250590000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    250590000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27449.884982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27449.884982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27449.884982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27449.884982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       8873                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2563554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2563554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          9129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              9129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    268848000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    268848000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2572683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2572683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29449.884982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29449.884982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    250590000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    250590000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27449.884982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27449.884982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6786829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.765764                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2116973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  8873                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                238.585935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.765764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.987366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2581812                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2581812                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6786829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2911                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2911                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         5822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         5822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   5822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       186304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       186304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  186304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             2911000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           15457250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6786829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          114432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           71872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              186304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       114432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         114432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1788                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 2911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           16860893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           10589924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               27450817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      16860893                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          16860893                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          16860893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          10589924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              27450817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1788.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1123.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000576500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 7564                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         2911                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       2911                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      21118500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    14555000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 75699750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7254.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26004.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2275                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  78.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   2911                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     2911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          636                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     292.930818                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    182.223717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    301.977923                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           207     32.55%     32.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          184     28.93%     61.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           68     10.69%     72.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           45      7.08%     79.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           32      5.03%     84.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      3.14%     87.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      2.36%     89.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      1.57%     91.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           55      8.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           636                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  186304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   186304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         27.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      27.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     5813930000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1997227.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       114432                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        71872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 16860893.356823928654                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 10589923.512143889442                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1788                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1123                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     46111000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     29588750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25789.15                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26347.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     78.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               1663620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy                884235                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy              9253440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      535351440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         268407870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2380115040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3195675645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         470.864323                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6185077500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    226460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    375291500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               2877420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1529385                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             11531100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      535351440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         502247520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2183197440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3236734305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         476.914079                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5670663500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    226460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    889705500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6786829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6786829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6786829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           568376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               568376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          571639                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              571639                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           9368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               9368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9378                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9378                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    226917000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    226917000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    227491000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    227491000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       577744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           577744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       581017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          581017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24222.566183                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24222.566183                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24257.944125                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24257.944125                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4358                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4358                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    208183000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    208183000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    208737000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    208737000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22222.779675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22222.779675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22258.157390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22258.157390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9121                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          369755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              369755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          7385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              7385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    141050000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    141050000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       377140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          377140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19099.526066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19099.526066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    126282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17099.796886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17099.796886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         198621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             198621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         1983                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             1983                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     85867000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     85867000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       200604                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         200604                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.009885                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.009885                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43301.563288                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43301.563288                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1983                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1983                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     81901000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81901000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.009885                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009885                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41301.563288                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41301.563288                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3263                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3263                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3273                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3273                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003055                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.003055                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003055                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003055                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6786829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.371081                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  245695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9121                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 26.937288                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.371081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                590394                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               590394                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6786829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6786829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6786829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3867                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5578                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          7418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          5511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             12929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5511                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            12929                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    198522000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136385000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    334907000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    198522000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136385000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    334907000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           18507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          18507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.698601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.698601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26762.200054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24747.777173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25903.550159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26762.200054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24747.777173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25903.550159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2936                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2936                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    183686000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    125365000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    309051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    183686000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    125365000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    309051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.698601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.698601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24762.200054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22748.140083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23903.704850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24762.200054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22748.140083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23903.704850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     15147                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            12929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    198522000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136385000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    334907000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          18507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.698601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26762.200054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24747.777173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25903.550159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    183686000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    125365000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    309051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.698601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24762.200054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22748.140083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23903.704850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4358                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4358                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4358                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4358                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6786829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.763012                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  21610                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                15147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.426685                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    34.657344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   423.231834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    47.873834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.067690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.826625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.093504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                38524                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               38524                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6786829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                18507                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               18506                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4358                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   41371                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       879040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       584256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1463296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            45645000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             40297000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            46885000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6786829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6786829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6786829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6786829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10212228000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 121219                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34242172                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   211183                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    24.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              410178739                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3017950                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5257808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010212                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10212228000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            541698                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3017950                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5257808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      565160                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      314378                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3909835                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            87                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10212217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10212217                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3730651                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2889407                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       475004                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       21726                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5225412                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5225412                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9961167                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4431449                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      565076                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        879375                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     314299                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22523      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4291431     81.62%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    57725      1.10%     83.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.04%     83.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.02%     83.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.04%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   564121     10.73%     94.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  308781      5.87%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.02%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5257821                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    48                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         7619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           15115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7619                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7496                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          15115                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2105                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1161                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3266                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123232000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     69188000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    192420000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123232000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     69188000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    192420000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.177683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.177683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58542.517815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59593.453919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58916.105328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58542.517815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59593.453919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58916.105328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    119022000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66866000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    185888000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    119022000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66866000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    185888000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.177683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.177683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56542.517815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57593.453919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56916.105328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56542.517815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57593.453919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56916.105328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          15115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3266                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123232000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     69188000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    192420000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.177683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58542.517815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59593.453919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58916.105328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    119022000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66866000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    185888000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.177683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56542.517815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57593.453919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56916.105328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4239                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4239                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4239                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4239                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2687.806377                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1627.124865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1060.681512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.049656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.032369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.082025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          355                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1646                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.099670                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            25886                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           25886                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3898156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3898156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3898156                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3898156                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          11679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              11679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         11679                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             11679                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    333260000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    333260000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    333260000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    333260000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3909835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3909835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3909835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3909835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28534.977310                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28534.977310                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28534.977310                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28534.977310                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         11679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    309902000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    309902000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    309902000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    309902000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26534.977310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26534.977310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26534.977310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26534.977310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      11423                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3898156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3898156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         11679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             11679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    333260000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    333260000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3909835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3909835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28534.977310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28534.977310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    309902000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    309902000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26534.977310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26534.977310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.850596                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3656627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 11423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                320.110917                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.850596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3921514                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3921514                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3266                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3266                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       209024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       209024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  209024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3266000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           17330750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          134720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           74304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              209024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       134720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         134720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           13192028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            7275983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               20468011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      13192028                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          13192028                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          13192028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           7275983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              20468011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2105.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1161.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000576500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9154                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3266                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3266                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      22403750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    16330000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 83641250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6859.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25609.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2585                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3266                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     306.936858                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    189.979506                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    309.927388                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           216     31.72%     31.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          189     27.75%     59.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           70     10.28%     69.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           51      7.49%     77.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           38      5.58%     82.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           25      3.67%     86.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           17      2.50%     88.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      1.62%     90.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           64      9.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  209024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   209024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         20.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      20.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10053628000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3078269.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       134720                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        74304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 13192028.223420001566                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 7275983.262418347411                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2105                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1161                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     53130750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     30510500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25240.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26279.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               1927800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1024650                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             11509680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      805793040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         374997300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3605708640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4800961110                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         470.118872                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9370323750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    340860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    501044250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               2934540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1559745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             11809560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      805793040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         569884860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3441592800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4833574545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         473.312439                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8941572500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    340860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    929795500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           860209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               860209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          864523                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              864523                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         15002                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             15002                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326008000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    326008000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326582000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    326582000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       875201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           875201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       879525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          879525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21745.464248                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21745.464248                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21769.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21769.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            6784                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  6784                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    296026000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    296026000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    296580000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    296580000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19745.597652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19745.597652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19769.364085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19769.364085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14745                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          548455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              548455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         12381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             12381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    228449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    228449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       560836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          560836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.022076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18451.579032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18451.579032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    203687000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    203687000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16451.579032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16451.579032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         311754                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             311754                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97559000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     97559000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       314365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         314365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008306                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.008306                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37364.611260                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37364.611260                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92339000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92339000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008306                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008306                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35365.377250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35365.377250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          4314                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              4314                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4324                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          4324                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002313                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002313                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002313                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002313                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.588298                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  344959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.394981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.588298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                894526                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               894526                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                8299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1955                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6344                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               8299                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    245434000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    179407000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    424841000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    245434000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    179407000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    424841000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           26681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          26681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.688955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.688955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25240.024681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20721.529222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23111.794146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25240.024681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20721.529222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23111.794146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4239                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4239                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    225986000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    162093000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    388079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    225986000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    162093000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    388079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23240.024681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18721.760222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21111.902949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23240.024681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18721.760222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21111.902949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     21930                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               8299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    245434000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    179407000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    424841000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          26681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.688955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25240.024681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20721.529222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23111.794146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    225986000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    162093000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    388079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23240.024681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18721.760222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21111.902949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.855030                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  32683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                21930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.490333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    26.526973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   444.761379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    36.566679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.051810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.868675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.071419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          339                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                55907                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               55907                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                26681                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               26680                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          6784                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        36787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   60145                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1394240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       747456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2141696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            58395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             60601000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            75005000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13330215000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 126136                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34243748                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   218969                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    31.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              420261474                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000858                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6945433                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013330                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13330215000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            711532                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000858                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6945433                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      739160                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      401514                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5157557                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13330204                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13330204                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5001995                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3934921                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       630297                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       25468                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6904012                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6904012                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13099401                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5870480                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      739046                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1140476                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     401430                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 29549      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5693697     81.98%     82.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    74957      1.08%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.03%     83.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.03%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   738091     10.63%     94.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  395912      5.70%     99.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6945446                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    48                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         9120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         9471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           18591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9120                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         9471                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          18591                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2248                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3440                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131675000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70856000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    202531000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131675000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70856000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    202531000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        22031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        22031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.197748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.156144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.197748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.156144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58574.288256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59442.953020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58875.290698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58574.288256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59442.953020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58875.290698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127179000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68472000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    195651000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127179000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68472000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    195651000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.197748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.197748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56574.288256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57442.953020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56875.290698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56574.288256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57442.953020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56875.290698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         9471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          18591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131675000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70856000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    202531000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        22031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.197748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.156144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58574.288256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59442.953020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58875.290698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127179000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68472000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    195651000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.197748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56574.288256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57442.953020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56875.290698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5290                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5290                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5290                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5290                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13330215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2863.002678                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1771.621790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1091.380888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.054066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.033306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.087372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          637                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2803                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.104980                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            30761                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           30761                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13330215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5144064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5144064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5144064                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5144064                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13493                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13493                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    375213000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    375213000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    375213000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    375213000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5157557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5157557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5157557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5157557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27807.974505                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27807.974505                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27807.974505                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27807.974505                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    348227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    348227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    348227000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    348227000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25807.974505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25807.974505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25807.974505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25807.974505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13237                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5144064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5144064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    375213000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    375213000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5157557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5157557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27807.974505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27807.974505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    348227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    348227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25807.974505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25807.974505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13330215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.353349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4755272                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                359.240916                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.353349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5171050                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5171050                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13330215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3440                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3440                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       220160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       220160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  220160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3440000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           18250250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13330215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          143872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           76288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              220160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       143872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         143872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2248                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10792924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            5722938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               16515863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10792924                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10792924                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10792924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           5722938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              16515863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2248.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1192.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000576500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                10302                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3440                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3440                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      23460750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    17200000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 87960750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6819.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25569.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2732                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3440                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     310.960452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    191.942064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    312.051792                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           225     31.78%     31.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          192     27.12%     58.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           72     10.17%     69.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           53      7.49%     76.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      5.79%     82.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           28      3.95%     86.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      2.54%     88.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      1.69%     90.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           67      9.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  220160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   220160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         16.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      16.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11055489000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3213804.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       143872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        76288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10792924.195146139711                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 5722938.452230515890                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2248                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1192                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     56814000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     31146750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25273.13                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26129.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2013480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1070190                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             12187980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1052263680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         438453120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4749613920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6255602370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         469.279931                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12343633750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    445015000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    541566250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3041640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1616670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12373620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1052263680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         636680880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4582685280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6288661770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         471.759966                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11907513250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    445015000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    977686750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13330215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13330215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13330215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1115423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1115423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1121936                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1121936                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          18709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              18709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         18725                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             18725                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391381000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    391381000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    392069000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    392069000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1134132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1134132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1140661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1140661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016496                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016496                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20919.397082                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20919.397082                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20938.264352                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20938.264352                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8457                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8457                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         18709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    353965000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    353965000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    354621000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    354621000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18919.503982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18919.503982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18938.371162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18938.371162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      18468                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          717042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              717042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         15589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             15589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    284322000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    284322000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       732631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          732631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18238.629803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18238.629803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    253146000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    253146000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16238.758099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16238.758099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         398381                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             398381                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3120                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3120                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    107059000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    107059000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       401501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         401501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007771                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.007771                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34313.782051                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34313.782051                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    100819000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100819000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007771                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007771                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32313.782051                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32313.782051                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          6513                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              6513                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       688000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       688000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6529                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          6529                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002451                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002451                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        43000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        43000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002451                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002451                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        41000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        41000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13330215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.152404                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  616458                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 18468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 33.379792                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.152404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1159385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1159385                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13330215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13330215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13330215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               10186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2125                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8061                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              10186                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         11368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             22032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10664                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            22032                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    274963000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207091000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    482054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    274963000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207091000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    482054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        18725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           32218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        18725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          32218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.683841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.683841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24187.456017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19419.636159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21879.720407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24187.456017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19419.636159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21879.720407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5290                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5290                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10664                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    252227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    185765000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    437992000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    252227000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    185765000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    437992000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22187.456017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17419.823706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19879.811184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22187.456017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17419.823706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19879.811184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     26599                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              10186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            22032                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    274963000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207091000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    482054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        18725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          32218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.683841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24187.456017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19419.636159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21879.720407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    252227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    185765000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    437992000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22187.456017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17419.823706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19879.811184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8457                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8457                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8457                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8457                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13330215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.824554                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  38926                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                26599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.463438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    25.329795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   453.928095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    29.566664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.049472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.886578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.057747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                67786                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               67786                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13330215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                32218                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               32217                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        45906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        26986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   72892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1739584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       863552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2603136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            67465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             74503000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            93620000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13330215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13330215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13330215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13330215000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                16575528000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 130423                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34243748                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   226266                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    38.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              432361884                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000011                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8674386                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.016576                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16575528000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            888655                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000011                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8674386                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      916562                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      502111                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6446167                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         16575517                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   16575517                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6247584                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4922903                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       788259                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       30319                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8624400                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8624400                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16366440                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7333966                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      916448                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1418475                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     502027                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 36016      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7117366     82.05%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    95775      1.10%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.02%     83.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.03%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   915493     10.55%     94.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  496509      5.72%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8674399                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    48                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        10785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        12131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           22916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10785                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        12131                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          22916                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3444                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131925000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70856000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    202781000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131925000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70856000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    202781000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        26360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        26360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.172739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.130653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.172739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.130653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58581.261101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59442.953020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58879.500581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58581.261101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59442.953020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58879.500581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127421000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68472000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    195893000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127421000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68472000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    195893000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.172739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.172739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56581.261101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57442.953020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56879.500581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56581.261101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57442.953020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56879.500581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        12131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          22916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131925000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70856000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    202781000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        26360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.172739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.130653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58581.261101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59442.953020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58879.500581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127421000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68472000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    195893000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.172739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56581.261101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57442.953020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56879.500581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575528000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2976.516320                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1865.435275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1111.081046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.056929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.033908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.090836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          533                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2911                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.105103                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            36319                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           36319                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575528000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6430704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6430704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6430704                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6430704                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          15463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              15463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         15463                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             15463                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    411684000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    411684000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    411684000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    411684000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6446167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6446167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6446167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6446167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26623.811679                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26623.811679                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26623.811679                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26623.811679                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    380758000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    380758000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    380758000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    380758000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24623.811679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24623.811679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24623.811679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24623.811679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      15207                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6430704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6430704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         15463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             15463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    411684000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    411684000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6446167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6446167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26623.811679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26623.811679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    380758000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    380758000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24623.811679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24623.811679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575528000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.675746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6063982                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 15207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                398.762544                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.675746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6461630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6461630                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575528000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3444                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3444                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       220416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       220416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  220416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3444000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           18272000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575528000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          144128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           76288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              220416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       144128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         144128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            8695228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            4602448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               13297676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       8695228                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           8695228                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           8695228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           4602448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              13297676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2252.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1192.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000576500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                11144                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3444                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3444                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      23502000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    17220000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 88077000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6824.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25574.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2733                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3444                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3444                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          711                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     310.008439                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    191.240968                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    311.741740                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           227     31.93%     31.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          193     27.14%     59.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           72     10.13%     69.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           53      7.45%     76.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      5.77%     82.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           28      3.94%     86.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      2.53%     88.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      1.69%     90.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           67      9.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           711                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  220416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   220416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         13.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      13.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14713891000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     4272326.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       144128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        76288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 8695228.290766967461                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 4602447.656569371931                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1192                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     56930250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     31146750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25279.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26129.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2013480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1070190                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             12187980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1307953920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         485165760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5956442400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7764833730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         468.451667                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15480681750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    553280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    541566250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3063060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1628055                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12402180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1307953920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         686000130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5787318720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7798366065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         470.474670                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15038801250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    553280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    983446750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575528000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575528000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575528000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1387384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1387384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1395031                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1395031                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23629                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23629                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    475597000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    475597000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    476285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    476285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1410997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1410997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1418660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1418660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20141.320459                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20141.320459                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20156.798849                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20156.798849                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10584                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10584                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    428373000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    428373000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    429029000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    429029000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18141.405158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18141.405158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18156.883491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18156.883491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      23372                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          888966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              888966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    360122000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    360122000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       908899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          908899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18066.623188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18066.623188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    320258000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    320258000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16066.723524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16066.723524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         498418                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             498418                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3680                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3680                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    115475000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    115475000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       502098                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         502098                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007329                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.007329                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31379.076087                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31379.076087                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    108115000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108115000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007329                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007329                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29379.076087                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29379.076087                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          7647                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              7647                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       688000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       688000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7663                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          7663                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002088                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002088                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        43000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        43000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002088                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002088                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        41000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        41000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575528000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.514144                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  707969                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 23372                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 30.291332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.514144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1442288                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1442288                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575528000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575528000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575528000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               12731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2426                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10305                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              12731                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             26361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13324                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            26361                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    296902000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241671000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    538573000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    296902000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241671000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    538573000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           39092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          39092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.674332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.674332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22773.797653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18138.021615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20430.674102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22773.797653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18138.021615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20430.674102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        26361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    270828000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    215025000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    485853000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    270828000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    215025000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    485853000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.674332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.674332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20773.797653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16138.171720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18430.749972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20773.797653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16138.171720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18430.749972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     32145                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              12731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            26361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    296902000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241671000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    538573000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          39092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.674332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22773.797653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18138.021615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20430.674102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    270828000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    215025000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    485853000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.674332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20773.797653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16138.171720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18430.749972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10584                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10584                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10584                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10584                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575528000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.446273                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  48259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                32145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.501291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    22.885271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   461.877666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    24.683336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.044698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.902105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.048210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                82333                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               82333                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575528000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                39092                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               39091                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10584                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        57841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        30926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   88767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2189568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       989632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3179200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            77315000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             92012000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           118140000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575528000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575528000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575528000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  16575528000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19869696000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 133358                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34243748                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   230259                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    45.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              440141370                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6020261                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10394774                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019870                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19869696000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1055773                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6020261                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10394774                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1102180                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      586167                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7766230                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19869685                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19869685                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7505659                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5993353                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       938718                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       34170                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10333330                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10333330                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19572508                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8811016                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1102038                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1688115                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     586077                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 46086      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8538920     82.15%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   114899      1.11%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.02%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.02%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1101083     10.59%     94.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  580559      5.59%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   10394787                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    48                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        13400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        14342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           27742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        13400                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        14342                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          27742                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3448                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131925000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71078000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    203003000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131925000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71078000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    203003000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        31190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        31190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.143879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.076973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.110548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.143879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.076973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.110548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58581.261101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59429.765886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58875.580046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58581.261101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59429.765886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58875.580046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127421000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68686000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    196107000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127421000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68686000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    196107000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.143879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.076973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.110548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.143879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.076973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.110548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56581.261101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57429.765886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56875.580046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56581.261101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57429.765886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56875.580046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        13400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        14342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          27742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131925000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71078000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    203003000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        31190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.143879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.076973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.110548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58581.261101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59429.765886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58875.580046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127421000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68686000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    196107000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.143879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.076973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.110548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56581.261101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57429.765886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56875.580046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7426                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7426                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7426                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7426                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3054.226828                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1929.523278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1124.703549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.058884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.034323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.093208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.105225                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            42064                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           42064                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7747858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7747858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7747858                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7747858                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          18372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              18372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         18372                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             18372                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    465777000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    465777000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    465777000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    465777000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7766230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7766230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7766230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7766230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25352.547355                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25352.547355                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25352.547355                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25352.547355                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         18372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    429035000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    429035000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    429035000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    429035000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23352.656216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23352.656216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23352.656216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23352.656216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      18115                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7747858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7747858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         18372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             18372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    465777000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    465777000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7766230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7766230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25352.547355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25352.547355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    429035000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    429035000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23352.656216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23352.656216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.895292                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7525205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 18115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                415.412917                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.895292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7784601                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7784601                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       220672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       220672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  220672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3448000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           18293250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          144128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           76544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              220672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       144128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         144128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7253659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            3852298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               11105958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7253659                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7253659                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7253659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           3852298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              11105958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2252.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1196.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000576500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                11998                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3448                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3448                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      23515750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    17240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 88165750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6820.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25570.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2736                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3448                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          712                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     309.932584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    191.319319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    311.529011                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           227     31.88%     31.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          193     27.11%     58.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           73     10.25%     69.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           53      7.44%     76.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      5.76%     82.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           28      3.93%     86.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      2.53%     88.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      1.69%     90.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           67      9.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           712                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  220672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   220672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         11.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      11.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18841263000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     5464403.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       144128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        76544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7253659.039373325184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 3852298.495155638084                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1196                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     56930250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     31235500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25279.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26116.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2013480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1070190                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             12187980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1567946640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         532664430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7181403840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9297286560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         467.912874                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18664869750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    663260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    541566250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3070200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1631850                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12430740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1567946640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         734346390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7011566400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9330992220                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         469.609209                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18221116500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    663260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    985319500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1649941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1649941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1660822                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1660822                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          27485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              27485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         27512                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             27512                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    542534000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    542534000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    543645000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    543645000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1677426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1677426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1688334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1688334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19739.275969                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19739.275969                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19760.286420                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19760.286420                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12281                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12281                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         27485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        27512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    487564000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    487564000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    488621000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    488621000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17739.275969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17739.275969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17760.286420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17760.286420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      27256                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1067925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1067925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         23347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             23347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    419917000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    419917000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1091272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1091272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17985.908254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17985.908254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    373223000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    373223000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15985.908254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15985.908254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         582016                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             582016                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    122617000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    122617000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       586154                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         586154                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.007060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29631.947801                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29631.947801                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    114341000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114341000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27631.947801                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27631.947801                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data         10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total             10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1111000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1111000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1057000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1057000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.760482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  956864                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 27256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.106545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.760482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1715846                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1715846                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               14693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2719                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          11974                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              14693                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         15653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         15538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             31191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            31191                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    330897000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270680000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    601577000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    330897000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270680000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    601577000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           45884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          45884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.679779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.679779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21139.525969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17420.517441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19286.877625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21139.525969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17420.517441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19286.877625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7426                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7426                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    299593000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239604000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    539197000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    299593000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239604000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    539197000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19139.653740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15420.517441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17286.941746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19139.653740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15420.517441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17286.941746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     37885                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          11974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              14693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            31191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    330897000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270680000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    601577000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          45884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.679779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21139.525969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17420.517441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19286.877625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    299593000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239604000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    539197000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19139.653740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15420.517441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17286.941746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.869652                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  57536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                37885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.518701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    22.238853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   465.979495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    21.651303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.043435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.910116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.042288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          312                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                96562                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               96562                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                45884                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               45883                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12281                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        67305                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        36743                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  104048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2546752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1175744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3722496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            91855000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            107289000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           137560000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23111552000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 139795                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34243748                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   241716                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    50.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              461552641                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12103574                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023112                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23111552000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1234850                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12103574                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1268708                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      699397                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9037287                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23111552                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23111552                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8716124                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             6872479                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1094051                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       40432                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12034362                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12034362                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22870920                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10244279                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1268566                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1967873                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     699307                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 52100      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9937410     82.10%     82.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   139437      1.15%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.02%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.02%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1267611     10.47%     94.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  693789      5.73%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12103587                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    48                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        15436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        17827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           33263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        15436                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        17827                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          33263                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3448                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131925000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71078000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    203003000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131925000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71078000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    203003000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        36711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        36711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.093923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.093923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58581.261101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59429.765886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58875.580046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58581.261101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59429.765886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58875.580046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127421000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68686000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    196107000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127421000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68686000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    196107000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56581.261101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57429.765886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56875.580046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56581.261101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57429.765886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56875.580046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        15436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        17827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          33263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131925000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71078000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    203003000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        36711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.093923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58581.261101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59429.765886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58875.580046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127421000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68686000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    196107000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56581.261101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57429.765886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56875.580046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8962                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8962                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8962                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8962                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3109.461367                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              45673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             3448                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            13.246230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1974.757069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1134.704298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.060265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.034628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.094893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.105225                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            49121                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           49121                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9016664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9016664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9016664                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9016664                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          20623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              20623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         20623                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             20623                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    507705000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    507705000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    507705000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    507705000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9037287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9037287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9037287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9037287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24618.387238                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24618.387238                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24618.387238                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24618.387238                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         20623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    466459000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    466459000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    466459000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    466459000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22618.387238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22618.387238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22618.387238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22618.387238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20367                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9016664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9016664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         20623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             20623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    507705000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    507705000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9037287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9037287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24618.387238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24618.387238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    466459000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    466459000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22618.387238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22618.387238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.050250                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9037287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                438.213984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.050250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9057910                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9057910                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       220672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       220672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  220672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3448000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           18293250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          144128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           76544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              220672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       144128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         144128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            6236189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            3311937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total                9548126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       6236189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           6236189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           6236189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           3311937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total               9548126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2252.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1196.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000576500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                12832                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3448                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3448                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      23515750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    17240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 88165750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6820.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25570.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2736                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3448                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          712                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     309.932584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    191.319319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    311.529011                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           227     31.88%     31.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          193     27.11%     58.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           73     10.25%     69.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           53      7.44%     76.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      5.76%     82.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           28      3.93%     86.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      2.53%     88.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      1.69%     90.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           67      9.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           712                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  220672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   220672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                          9.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                       9.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18841263000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     5464403.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       144128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        76544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 6236188.725015091710                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 3311936.818436079193                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1196                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     56930250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     31235500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25279.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26116.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2013480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1070190                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             12187980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1824251520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         579489360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8386845120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10805857650                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         467.552229                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21798305750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    771680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    541566250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3070200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1631850                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12430740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1824251520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         781171320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        8217007680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10839563310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         469.010619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21354552500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    771680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    985319500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1923345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1923345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1934226                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1934226                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          33839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              33839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         33866                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             33866                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    651815000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    651815000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    652926000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    652926000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1957184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1957184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1968092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1968092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19262.241792                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19262.241792                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19279.690545                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19279.690545                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         33839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        33866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    584137000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    584137000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    585194000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    585194000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17262.241792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17262.241792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17279.690545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17279.690545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      33610                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1228804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1228804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         28996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             28996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    518611000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    518611000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1257800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1257800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.023053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17885.604911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17885.604911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    460619000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    460619000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15885.604911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15885.604911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         694541                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             694541                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4843                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4843                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    133204000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    133204000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       699384                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         699384                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.006925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27504.439397                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27504.439397                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    123518000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123518000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006925                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006925                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25504.439397                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25504.439397                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data         10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total             10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1111000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1111000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1057000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1057000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.934349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1968092                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 33866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 58.114097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.934349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2001958                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2001958                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           14843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2935                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          14843                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17778                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         17688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         19023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             36711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            36711                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    357365000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    315985000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    673350000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    357365000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    315985000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    673350000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           54489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          54489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.673732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.673732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20203.810493                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16610.681806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18341.913868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20203.810493                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16610.681806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18341.913868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8962                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8962                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321989000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277939000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    599928000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321989000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277939000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    599928000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18203.810493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14610.681806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16341.913868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18203.810493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14610.681806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16341.913868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     44939                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          14843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            36711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    357365000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    315985000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    673350000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          54489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.673732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20203.810493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16610.681806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18341.913868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321989000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277939000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    599928000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18203.810493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14610.681806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16341.913868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.168475                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  69508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                45451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.529295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    21.888034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   468.794057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    19.486384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.042750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.915613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.038059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               114959                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              114959                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                54489                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               54489                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82751                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  123997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3128640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1319872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4448512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           103115000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            129584000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           169330000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23111552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23111552000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
