
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4048319000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  97523                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34288444                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   200942                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              394736117                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000144                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2060798                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004048                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4048319000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            239608                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000144                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2060798                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      201717                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            74                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      139460                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            63                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1319788                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           164                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4048308                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4048308                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1493491                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              634761                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       176830                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  81369                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         81369                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               136512                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               69029                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       43018                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1990365                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1990365                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3845448                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1603860                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      201364                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        340733                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     139369                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14340      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1643714     79.76%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       20      0.00%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2029      0.10%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20498      0.99%     81.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      466      0.02%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    14386      0.70%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   24550      1.19%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   190016      9.22%     92.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  137376      6.67%     99.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11348      0.55%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2060823                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        12846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           14541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        12846                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1695                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          14541                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1890                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2224                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4114                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    115023000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    139733000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    254756000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    115023000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    139733000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    254756000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        14736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        14736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.128257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.220531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.128257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.220531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60858.730159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62829.586331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61924.161400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60858.730159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62829.586331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61924.161400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           68                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               68                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    111243000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    135285000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    246528000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    111243000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    135285000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    246528000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.128257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.128257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58858.730159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60829.586331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59924.161400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58858.730159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60829.586331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59924.161400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   221                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        12846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          14541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    115023000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    139733000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    254756000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        14736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.128257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.220531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60858.730159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62829.586331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61924.161400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    111243000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    135285000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    246528000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.128257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58858.730159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60829.586331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59924.161400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2891                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2891                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2891                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2891                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4048319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2967.487959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              221                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.511312                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.321522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1436.224788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1530.941649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.043830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.046721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.090561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3900                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3671                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.119019                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            25667                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           25667                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4048319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1298896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1298896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1298896                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1298896                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          20892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              20892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         20892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             20892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    483832000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    483832000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    483832000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    483832000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1319788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1319788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23158.721042                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23158.721042                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23158.721042                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23158.721042                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         20892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    442050000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    442050000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    442050000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    442050000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21158.816772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21158.816772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21158.816772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21158.816772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20635                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1298896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1298896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         20892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             20892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    483832000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    483832000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1319788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.015830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23158.721042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23158.721042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    442050000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    442050000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21158.816772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21158.816772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4048319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.914031                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1130960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 54.807851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.914031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.984039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1340679                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1340679                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4048319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4114                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4114                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           68                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       267648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       267648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  267648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4454000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           22014000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4048319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          120960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          142336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              263296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       120960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         120960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         4352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             4352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1890                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            68                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  68                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           29879068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           35159285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               65038353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      29879068                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          29879068                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1075014                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1075014                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1075014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          29879068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          35159285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              66113367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        68.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1890.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2224.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004088594500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             2                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             2                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9332                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  34                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4114                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          68                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4114                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        68                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                 82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       11.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      40411250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    20570000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                117548750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9822.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28572.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2640                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       30                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 44.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4114                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    68                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1477                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     179.433988                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    131.461296                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    176.824364                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           597     40.42%     40.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          536     36.29%     76.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          192     13.00%     89.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           57      3.86%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           35      2.37%     95.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           22      1.49%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      0.81%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.34%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           21      1.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1477                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            1839                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     302.200265                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    2565.383402                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  263296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   263296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  4352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         65.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      65.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4044871000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      967209.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       120960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       142336                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         2304                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 29879068.324408229440                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 35159284.631472967565                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 569125.110941109131                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1890                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2224                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           68                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     51997250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     65551500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks   4107494000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27511.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29474.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  60404323.53                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     63.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4969440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2637525                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             13494600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              167040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      318998160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         917673210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         781777440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2039717415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         503.843056                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2023249000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    134940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1890130000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               5597760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2967690                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             15879360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy               20880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      318998160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         869902650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         822005280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2035371780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         502.769614                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2128381000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    134940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1784998000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4048319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4048319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4048319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           334134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               334134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          334134                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              334134                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           7018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               7018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          7018                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              7018                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256550000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    256550000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256550000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    256550000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       341152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           341152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       341152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          341152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36555.998860                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36555.998860                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36555.998860                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36555.998860                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3798                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3798                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    242514000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    242514000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    242514000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    242514000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34555.998860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34555.998860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34555.998860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34555.998860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6762                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          197436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              197436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    103607000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103607000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       201717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          201717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24201.588414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24201.588414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     95045000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95045000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22201.588414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22201.588414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         136698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             136698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2737                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2737                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152943000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    152943000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       139435                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         139435                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019629                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019629                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55879.795396                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55879.795396                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147469000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147469000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019629                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019629                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53879.795396                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53879.795396                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4048319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               250.394068                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  282597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6762                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.791925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   250.394068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.978102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.978102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                348170                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               348170                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4048319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4048319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4048319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                9254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6155                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3099                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               9254                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         14737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18656                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    302811000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    186232000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    489043000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    302811000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    186232000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    489043000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           27910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          27910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.668434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.668434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20547.669132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47520.285787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26213.711407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20547.669132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47520.285787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26213.711407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2891                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2891                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    273339000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    178394000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    451733000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    273339000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    178394000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    451733000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18547.804845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45520.285787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24213.818611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18547.804845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45520.285787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24213.818611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     20617                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               9254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    302811000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    186232000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    489043000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          27910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.668434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20547.669132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47520.285787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26213.711407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    273339000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    178394000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    451733000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18547.804845                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45520.285787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24213.818611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3798                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3798                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3798                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3798                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4048319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              502.175668                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  30145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                20617                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.462143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   106.546858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   188.450929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   207.177881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.208099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.368068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.404644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                52837                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               52837                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4048319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                27910                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               27909                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3798                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        17834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   59617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       692224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1337024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2029248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           104455000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             46900000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            35090000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4048319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4048319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4048319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4048319000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7898671000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 113399                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34303900                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   233747                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    17.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              447803978                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000172                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4122980                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007899                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7898671000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            489684                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000172                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4122980                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      394443                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           142                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      255618                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            97                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2631806                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           228                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7898660                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7898660                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3011815                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1279092                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       359514                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 163765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        163765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               275908                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              140605                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       88250                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3981115                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3981115                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7662341                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3220174                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      393630                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        649063                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     255433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 27738      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3319929     80.52%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     81.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     81.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.10%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    42404      1.03%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.04%     82.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    29118      0.71%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   49090      1.19%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   370010      8.97%     93.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  253440      6.15%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               23620      0.57%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4123022                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    15                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        23684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           27116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        23684                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3432                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          27116                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2559                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4868                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7427                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    156835000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297125000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    453960000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    156835000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297125000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    453960000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        34543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        34543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.097512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.215007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.097512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.215007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61287.612349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61036.359901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61122.929851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61287.612349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61036.359901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61122.929851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           91                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               91                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    151717000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287389000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    439106000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    151717000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287389000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    439106000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.097512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.097512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59287.612349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59036.359901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59122.929851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59287.612349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59036.359901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59122.929851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   427                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        23684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          27116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    156835000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297125000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    453960000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        34543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.097512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.215007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61287.612349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61036.359901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61122.929851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    151717000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287389000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    439106000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.097512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59287.612349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59036.359901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59122.929851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5536                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5536                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5536                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5536                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7898671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3859.286613                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.049180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.672708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1658.364592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2198.249313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.050609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.067085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.117776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7013                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1593                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.214020                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            47519                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           47519                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7898671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2593914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2593914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2593914                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2593914                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    825644000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    825644000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    825644000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    825644000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2631806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2631806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.014398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.014398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21789.401457                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21789.401457                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21789.401457                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21789.401457                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    749860000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    749860000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    749860000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    749860000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19789.401457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19789.401457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19789.401457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19789.401457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37636                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2593914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2593914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    825644000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    825644000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2631806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.014398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21789.401457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21789.401457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    749860000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    749860000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19789.401457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19789.401457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7898671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.905812                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2350983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37636                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 62.466335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.905812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2669698                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2669698                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7898671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7427                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7427                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           91                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       481152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       481152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  481152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7882000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           39636250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7898671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          163776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          311552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              475328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       163776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         163776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         5824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             5824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7427                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            91                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  91                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           20734627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           39443598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               60178225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      20734627                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          20734627                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          737339                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                737339                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          737339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          20734627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          39443598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              60915564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        91.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2559.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4861.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.009487685750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             4                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             4                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                16957                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  68                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7427                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          91                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7427                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        91                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       19.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      67311000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    37100000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                206436000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9071.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27821.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5047                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 65.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7427                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    91                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     201.020134                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    142.026601                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    207.512728                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           876     36.74%     36.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          885     37.12%     73.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          322     13.51%     87.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           99      4.15%     91.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           46      1.93%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           36      1.51%     94.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           44      1.85%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           20      0.84%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           56      2.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            1483                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     583.558865                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1537.174247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              1     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2     50.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  474880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     4608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   475328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  5824                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         60.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      60.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7897696000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1050504.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       163776                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       311104                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         4608                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 20734627.382252030075                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 39386879.134477183223                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 583389.281563949189                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2559                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4868                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           91                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     71494000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    134942000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  85405098500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27938.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27720.21                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 938517565.93                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     67.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7311360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3882285                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             22269660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              271440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      623244960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1447786890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1813900800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3918667395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         496.117308                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4701312000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    263640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2933719000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9717540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5164995                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             30709140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              104400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      623244960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1819416630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1500949440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3989307105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         505.060548                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3884144000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    263640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3750887000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7898671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7898671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7898671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           635654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               635654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          635654                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              635654                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14365                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14365                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    536657000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    536657000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    536657000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    536657000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       650019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           650019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       650019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          650019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.022099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37358.649495                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37358.649495                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37358.649495                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37358.649495                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7222                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7222                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    507929000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    507929000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    507929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    507929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35358.788723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35358.788723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35358.788723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35358.788723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14108                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          384806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              384806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          9637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              9637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    288566000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    288566000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       394443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          394443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29943.550898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29943.550898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    269294000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    269294000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27943.758431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27943.758431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         250848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             250848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4728                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4728                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248091000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    248091000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       255576                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         255576                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018499                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018499                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52472.715736                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52472.715736                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    238635000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    238635000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018499                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018499                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50472.715736                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50472.715736                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7898671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.126782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  647732                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 45.912390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.126782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.988776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                664383                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               664383                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7898671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7898671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7898671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11649                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6064                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17713                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             34544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            34544                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    492876000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    395289000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    888165000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    492876000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    395289000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    888165000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           52257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          52257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.661041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.661041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18781.236901                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47619.443441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25711.122047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18781.236901                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47619.443441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25711.122047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5536                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5536                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        34544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    440390000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    378689000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    819079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    440390000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    378689000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    819079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16781.236901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45619.684375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23711.179944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16781.236901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45619.684375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23711.179944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     38365                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            34544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    492876000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    395289000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    888165000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          52257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.661041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18781.236901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47619.443441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25711.122047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    440390000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    378689000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    819079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16781.236901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45619.684375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23711.179944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7898671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.964719                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  58932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                38365                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.536088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   110.978573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   157.155919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   238.830227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.216755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.306945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.466465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.990165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          318                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                98356                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               98356                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7898671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                52257                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               52256                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7222                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35951                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  111735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1381504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2425088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3806592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             88367000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            71820000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7898671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7898671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7898671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7898671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11384638000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 119822                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34303900                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   243567                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    25.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              454477852                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000040                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6098362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011385                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11384638000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            774088                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000040                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6098362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      556668                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           271                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      317946                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           113                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3908944                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11384627                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11384627                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4349594                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1922819                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       559752                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      145337                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5937385                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5937385                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11279284                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4828243                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      555476                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        873237                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     317761                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30677      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5050578     82.82%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.07%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.89%     84.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.03%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.53%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.85%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   528918      8.67%     94.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  315768      5.18%     99.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.44%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6098412                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        23720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           29523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        23720                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5803                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          29523                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        10734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         13306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2572                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10734                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        13306                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    157553000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    641595000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    799148000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    157553000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    641595000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    799148000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        42829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        42829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.097824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.310677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.097824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.310677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61256.998445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59772.219117                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60059.221404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61256.998445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59772.219117                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60059.221404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           94                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               94                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        13306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        13306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    152409000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    620127000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    772536000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    152409000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    620127000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    772536000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.097824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.097824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59256.998445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57772.219117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58059.221404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59256.998445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57772.219117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58059.221404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   814                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        23720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          29523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        13306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    157553000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    641595000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    799148000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        42829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.097824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.310677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61256.998445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59772.219117                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60059.221404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    152409000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    620127000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    772536000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.097824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59256.998445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57772.219117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58059.221404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6044                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6044                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6044                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6044                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11384638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5805.593761                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               4638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              814                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.697789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.997721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1787.024661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4014.571378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.054536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.122515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.177173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          872                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.381622                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            62192                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           62192                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11384638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3871002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3871002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3871002                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3871002                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37942                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37942                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    827282000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    827282000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    827282000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    827282000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3908944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3908944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.009706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.009706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21803.858521                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21803.858521                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21803.858521                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21803.858521                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    751398000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    751398000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    751398000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    751398000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19803.858521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19803.858521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19803.858521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19803.858521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37686                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3871002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3871002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    827282000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    827282000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3908944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.009706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21803.858521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21803.858521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    751398000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    751398000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19803.858521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19803.858521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11384638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.547050                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2377966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.099453                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.547050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3946886                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3946886                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11384638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               13306                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13306                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           94                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        26706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        26706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  26706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       857600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       857600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  857600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            13776000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           70627750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11384638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          164608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          686976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              851584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       164608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         164608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         6016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             6016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                13306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            94                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  94                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           14458782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           60342367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               74801149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      14458782                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          14458782                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          528431                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                528431                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          528431                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          14458782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          60342367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              75329580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        94.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2572.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     10727.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.009487685750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             4                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             4                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                29614                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  68                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        13306                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          94                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      13306                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        94                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       19.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     106664250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    66495000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                356020500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8020.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26770.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     10307                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  77.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 63.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  13306                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    94                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    13296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     284.868176                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    180.478608                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    298.111597                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           923     30.73%     30.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          953     31.72%     62.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          454     15.11%     77.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          124      4.13%     81.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           61      2.03%     83.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           64      2.13%     85.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          105      3.50%     89.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          109      3.63%     92.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          211      7.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            1483                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     583.558865                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1537.174247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              1     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2     50.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  851136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     4608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   851584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  6016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         74.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      74.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11382860000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      849467.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       164608                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       686528                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         4608                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 14458782.088635580614                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 60303015.344010055065                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 404755.952714526327                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2572                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10734                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           94                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     71779000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    284241500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  85405098500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27907.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26480.48                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 908564877.66                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9824640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5221920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             43846740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              271440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      898603680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2388563910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2360279040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5706611370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         501.255408                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6113346750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    380120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4891171250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11623920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6178260                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             51108120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              104400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      898603680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2457696930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2302061760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5727377070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         503.079419                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5960814750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    380120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5043703250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11384638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11384638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11384638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           851315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               851315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          851315                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              851315                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23249                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23249                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1035609000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1035609000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1035609000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1035609000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       874564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           874564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       874564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          874564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44544.238462                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44544.238462                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44544.238462                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44544.238462                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8000                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8000                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    989113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    989113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    989113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    989113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42544.324487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42544.324487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42544.324487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42544.324487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      22992                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          538780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              538780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         17888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             17888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    751208000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    751208000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       556668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          556668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41995.080501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41995.080501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    715434000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    715434000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39995.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39995.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         312535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             312535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    284401000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    284401000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       317896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         317896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016864                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016864                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53049.990673                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53049.990673                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    273679000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    273679000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016864                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016864                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51049.990673                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51049.990673                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11384638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.006559                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  871551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 22992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.906707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.006559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                897812                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               897812                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11384638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11384638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11384638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18361                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             42830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            42830                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494205000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    835108000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1329313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494205000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    835108000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1329313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           61191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          61191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.699940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.699940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18796.782291                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50496.311525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31036.960075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18796.782291                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50496.311525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31036.960075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6044                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6044                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        42830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    441621000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    802034000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1243655000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    441621000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    802034000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1243655000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16796.782291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48496.432459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29037.006771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16796.782291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48496.432459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29037.006771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     47066                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            42830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494205000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    835108000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1329313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          61191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.699940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18796.782291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50496.311525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31036.960075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    441621000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    802034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1243655000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16796.782291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48496.432459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29037.006771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11384638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.506518                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  68582                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                47066                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.457145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    81.980773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   109.511454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   317.014291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.160119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.213890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.619169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          309                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               116769                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              116769                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11384638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                61191                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               61190                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8000                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        54497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  130381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1999872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4428160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189710000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            101191000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           116240000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11384638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11384638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11384638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11384638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14657634000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 124434                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34303900                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   248588                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    32.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              455847460                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4001118                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7993270                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014658                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14657634000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1035141                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4001118                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7993270                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      736561                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           369                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      408969                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           148                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5168011                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14657623                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14657623                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5520783                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2508479                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       727901                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      204732                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7832309                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7832309                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14935508                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6371091                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      735369                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1144153                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     408784                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30678      0.38%      0.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6674586     83.50%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.05%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.68%     84.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.02%     84.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.40%     85.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.65%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   708811      8.87%     94.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  406791      5.09%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.33%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7993337                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        23720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        12285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           36005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        23720                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        12285                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          36005                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        11894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         14473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2579                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        11894                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        14473                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158135000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    710023000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    868158000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158135000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    710023000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    868158000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.098065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.286719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.098065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.286719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61316.401706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59695.897091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59984.661093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61316.401706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59695.897091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59984.661093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           94                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               94                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        14473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        14473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    152977000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    686235000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    839212000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    152977000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    686235000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    839212000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.098065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.098065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59316.401706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57695.897091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57984.661093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59316.401706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57695.897091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57984.661093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   947                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        23720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        12285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          36005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        11894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        14473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158135000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    710023000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    868158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.098065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.286719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61316.401706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59695.897091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59984.661093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    152977000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    686235000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    839212000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.098065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59316.401706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57695.897091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57984.661093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7564                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7564                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7564                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7564                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14657634000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7449.586825                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               4825                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.095037                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     4.668119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1791.174427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  5653.744280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.054662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.172539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.227343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13539                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9706                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3675                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.413177                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            72528                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           72528                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14657634000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5130062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5130062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5130062                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5130062                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    827983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    827983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    827983000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    827983000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5168011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5168011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5168011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5168011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21818.308783                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21818.308783                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21818.308783                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21818.308783                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    752085000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    752085000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    752085000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    752085000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19818.308783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19818.308783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19818.308783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19818.308783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37693                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5130062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5130062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    827983000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    827983000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5168011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5168011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21818.308783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21818.308783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    752085000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    752085000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19818.308783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19818.308783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14657634000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.871489                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2381684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.186374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.871489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5205960                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5205960                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14657634000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14473                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14473                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           94                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        29040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        29040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  29040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       932288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       932288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  932288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            14943000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           76841000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14657634000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          165056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          761216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              926272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       165056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         165056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         6016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             6016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2579                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            11894                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                14473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            94                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  94                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11260753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           51933075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               63193828                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11260753                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11260753                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          410435                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                410435                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          410435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11260753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          51933075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              63604262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        94.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2579.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     11887.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.009487685750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             4                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             4                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                32788                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  68                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        14473                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          94                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      14473                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        94                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       19.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     114903750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    72330000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                386141250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7943.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26693.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11112                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  76.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 63.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  14473                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    94                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    14463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3366                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     276.420677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    181.311404                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    283.673502                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           965     28.67%     28.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1046     31.08%     59.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          680     20.20%     79.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          124      3.68%     83.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           62      1.84%     85.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           64      1.90%     87.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          105      3.12%     90.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          109      3.24%     93.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          211      6.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3366                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            1483                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     583.558865                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1537.174247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              1     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2     50.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  925824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     4608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   926272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  6016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         63.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      63.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14649601000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1005670.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       165056                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       760768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         4608                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11260753.270275408402                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 51902510.323289558291                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 314375.430577677151                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2579                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        11894                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           94                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     72127500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    314013750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  85405098500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27967.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26401.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 908564877.66                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10110240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5373720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             44924880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              271440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1156752480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2552547210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3479018400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7248998370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         494.554467                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9020382750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    489320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5147931250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13923000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7400250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             58362360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              104400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1156752480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3406296060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2760072000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7402910550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         505.054946                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7143238500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    489320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7025075500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14657634000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14657634000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14657634000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1113315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1113315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1113315                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1113315                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          32148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              32148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         32148                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             32148                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1265772000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1265772000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1265772000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1265772000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1145463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1145463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1145463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1145463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39373.273610                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39373.273610                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39373.273610                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39373.273610                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9865                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9865                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         32148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1201478000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1201478000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1201478000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1201478000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37373.335822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37373.335822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37373.335822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37373.335822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      31891                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          711326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              711326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    887773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    887773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       736561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          736561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35180.225877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35180.225877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    837305000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    837305000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33180.305132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33180.305132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         401989                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             401989                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6913                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6913                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    377999000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    377999000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       408902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         408902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016906                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016906                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54679.444525                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54679.444525                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    364173000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    364173000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016906                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016906                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52679.444525                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52679.444525                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14657634000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.451687                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1141643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 31891                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.798282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.451687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1177610                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1177610                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14657634000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14657634000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14657634000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7968                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19618                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         24180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50479                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494864000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1000562000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1495426000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494864000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1000562000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1495426000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           70097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          70097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.720131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.720131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18816.837142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41379.735318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29624.715228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18816.837142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41379.735318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29624.715228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7564                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7564                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    442266000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    952204000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1394470000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    442266000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    952204000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1394470000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16816.837142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39379.818031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27624.754849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16816.837142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39379.818031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27624.754849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     55610                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494864000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1000562000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1495426000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          70097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.720131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18816.837142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41379.735318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29624.715228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    442266000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    952204000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1394470000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16816.837142                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39379.818031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27624.754849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9865                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9865                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9865                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9865                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14657634000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.286600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  79248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                55610                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.425067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.955961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    85.176956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   350.153683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.144445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.166361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.683894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               136084                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              136084                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14657634000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                70097                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               70096                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9865                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        74160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  150058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2688768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5117504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            119422000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           160735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14657634000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14657634000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14657634000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14657634000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17903985000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 131437                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34303900                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   260269                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    38.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              470621843                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000255                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9901450                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017904                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17903985000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1268540                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000255                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9901450                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      920830                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           421                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      511348                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           164                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6441515                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17903974                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17903974                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6524013                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3081751                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       854840                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      270250                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9740497                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9740497                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18747822                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7943501                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      919638                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1430801                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     511163                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30678      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8296126     83.79%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.04%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.55%     84.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.02%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.32%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.53%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   893080      9.02%     94.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  509170      5.14%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.27%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9901525                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        23720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        16233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           39953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        23720                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        16233                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          39953                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         14985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2579                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12406                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        14985                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158135000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    742867000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    901002000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158135000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    742867000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    901002000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        28639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        54938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        28639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        54938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.098065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.272762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.098065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.272762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61316.401706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59879.655006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60126.926927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61316.401706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59879.655006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60126.926927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           94                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               94                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        14985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        14985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    152977000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    718055000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    871032000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    152977000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    718055000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    871032000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.098065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.098065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59316.401706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57879.655006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58126.926927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59316.401706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57879.655006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58126.926927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   969                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        23720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        16233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          39953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12406                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        14985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158135000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    742867000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    901002000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        54938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.098065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.272762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61316.401706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59879.655006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60126.926927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    152977000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    718055000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    871032000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.098065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59316.401706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57879.655006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58126.926927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8436                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8436                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8436                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8436                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17903985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8598.742613                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               6455                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             6.661507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     5.090936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1780.905773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  6812.745904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.054349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.207909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.262413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14029                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.428131                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            78372                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           78372                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17903985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6403566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6403566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6403566                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6403566                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    827983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    827983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    827983000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    827983000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6441515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6441515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21818.308783                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21818.308783                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21818.308783                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21818.308783                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    752085000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    752085000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    752085000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    752085000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19818.308783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19818.308783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19818.308783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19818.308783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37693                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6403566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6403566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    827983000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    827983000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6441515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21818.308783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21818.308783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    752085000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    752085000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19818.308783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19818.308783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17903985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.076110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2381684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.186374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.076110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6479464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6479464                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17903985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14985                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14985                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           94                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        30064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        30064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  30064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       965056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       965056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  965056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15455000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           79596500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17903985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          165056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          793984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              959040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       165056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         165056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         6016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             6016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2579                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                14985                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            94                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  94                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            9218953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           44346775                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               53565729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       9218953                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           9218953                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          336015                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                336015                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          336015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           9218953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          44346775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              53901743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        94.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2579.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12399.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.009487685750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             4                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             4                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                34646                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  68                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        14985                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          94                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      14985                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        94                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     121056250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    74890000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                401893750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8082.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26832.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11341                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 63.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  14985                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    94                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    14975                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3648                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     264.017544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    174.177612                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    276.085639                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1058     29.00%     29.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1235     33.85%     62.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          680     18.64%     81.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          124      3.40%     84.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           62      1.70%     86.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           64      1.75%     88.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          105      2.88%     91.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          109      2.99%     94.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          211      5.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3648                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            1483                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     583.558865                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1537.174247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              1     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2     50.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  958592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     4608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   959040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  6016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         53.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      53.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17902144000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1187223.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       165056                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       793536                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         4608                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 9218953.210695831105                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 44321752.950530283153                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 257372.869782900263                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2579                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12406                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           94                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     72127500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    329766250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  85405098500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27967.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26581.19                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 908564877.66                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12045180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6398370                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             48416340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              271440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1413057360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3247637700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4140277440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8868103830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         495.314525                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10732890250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    597740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6573354750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14008680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7445790                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             58526580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              104400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1413057360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3480316260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3944337600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8917796670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         498.090044                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10221360250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    597740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7084884750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17903985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17903985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17903985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1394078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1394078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1394078                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1394078                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          38025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              38025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         38025                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             38025                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1403589000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1403589000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1403589000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1403589000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1432103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1432103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1432103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1432103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36912.268245                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36912.268245                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36912.268245                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36912.268245                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10988                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10988                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         38025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1327541000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1327541000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1327541000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1327541000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34912.320842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34912.320842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34912.320842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34912.320842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37768                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          890587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              890587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    978679000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    978679000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       920830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          920830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32360.513177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32360.513177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    918195000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    918195000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30360.579308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30360.579308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         503491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             503491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    424910000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    424910000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       511273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         511273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015221                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015221                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54601.644821                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54601.644821                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    409346000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    409346000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015221                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015221                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52601.644821                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52601.644821                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17903985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.732427                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1407923                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.278198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.732427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1470127                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1470127                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17903985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17903985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17903985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               21035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9385                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              21035                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         28640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             54939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            54939                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494864000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1090362000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1585226000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494864000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1090362000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1585226000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           75974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          75974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.723129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.723129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18816.837142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38071.298883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28854.292943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18816.837142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38071.298883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28854.292943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8436                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8436                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    442266000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1033084000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1475350000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    442266000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1033084000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1475350000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.723129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.723129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16816.837142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36071.368715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26854.329347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16816.837142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36071.368715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26854.329347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     60633                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              21035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            54939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494864000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1090362000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1585226000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          75974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.723129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18816.837142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38071.298883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28854.292943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    442266000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1033084000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1475350000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.723129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16816.837142                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36071.368715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26854.329347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10988                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10988                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10988                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10988                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17903985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.778593                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  86340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                60633                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.423977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    71.028565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    69.732668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   369.017361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.138728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.136197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.720737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               148107                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              148107                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17903985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                75974                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               75973                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10988                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        87037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  162935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3136768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5565504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            130914000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           190120000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17903985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17903985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17903985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17903985000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21176488000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 131872                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34303900                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   259586                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    45.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              465424902                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000026                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11810944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021176                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21176488000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1502153                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000026                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11810944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1105210                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           478                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      613806                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           180                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7715880                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21176477                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21176477                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7527843                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3655411                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       981869                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      335794                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11649999                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11649999                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22562558                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9516932                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1104018                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1717639                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     613621                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30678      0.26%      0.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9918790     83.98%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.03%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.46%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.01%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.27%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.44%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1077460      9.12%     94.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  611628      5.18%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.22%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11811027                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        23720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        20372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           44092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        23720                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        20372                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          44092                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         15506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2579                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12927                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        15506                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158135000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    776918000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    935053000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158135000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    776918000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    935053000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        59598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        59598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.098065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.388210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.260177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.098065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.388210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.260177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61316.401706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60100.409995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60302.657036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61316.401706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60100.409995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60302.657036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           94                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               94                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        15506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        15506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    152977000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    751064000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    904041000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    152977000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    751064000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    904041000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.098065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.388210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.260177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.098065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.388210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.260177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59316.401706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58100.409995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58302.657036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59316.401706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58100.409995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58302.657036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1003                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        23720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        20372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          44092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        15506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158135000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    776918000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    935053000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        59598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.098065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.388210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.260177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61316.401706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60100.409995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60302.657036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    152977000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    751064000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    904041000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.098065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.388210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.260177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59316.401706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58100.409995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58302.657036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9235                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9235                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9235                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9235                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21176488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         9478.154280                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               7677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             7.654038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     5.385953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1770.311168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7702.457159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.054026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.235060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.289250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14516                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.442993                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            84352                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           84352                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21176488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7677931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7677931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7677931                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7677931                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    827983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    827983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    827983000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    827983000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7715880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7715880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7715880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7715880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21818.308783                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21818.308783                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21818.308783                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21818.308783                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    752085000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    752085000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    752085000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    752085000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19818.308783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19818.308783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19818.308783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19818.308783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37693                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7677931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7677931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    827983000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    827983000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7715880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7715880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21818.308783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21818.308783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    752085000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    752085000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19818.308783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19818.308783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21176488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.218883                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2381684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.186374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.218883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7753829                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7753829                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21176488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               15506                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15506                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           94                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        31106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        31106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  31106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       998400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       998400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  998400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15976000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           82386000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21176488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          165056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          827328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              992384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       165056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         165056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         6016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             6016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2579                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                15506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            94                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  94                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7794305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           39068235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               46862539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7794305                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7794305                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          284089                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                284089                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          284089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7794305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          39068235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              47146628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        94.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2579.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12920.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.009487685750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             4                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             4                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                36528                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  68                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        15506                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          94                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      15506                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        94                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     127961000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    77495000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                418567250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8256.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27006.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11627                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 63.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  15506                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    94                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3883                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     256.609838                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    171.600971                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    269.341478                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1078     27.76%     27.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1450     37.34%     65.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          680     17.51%     82.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          124      3.19%     85.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           62      1.60%     87.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           64      1.65%     89.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          105      2.70%     91.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          109      2.81%     94.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          211      5.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3883                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            1483                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     583.558865                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1537.174247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              1     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2     50.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  991936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     4608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   992384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  6016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         46.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      46.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21175815000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1357424.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       165056                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       826880                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         4608                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7794304.702460577711                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 39047079.005735039711                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 217599.821084591560                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2579                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12927                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           94                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     72127500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    346439750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  85405098500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27967.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26799.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 908564877.66                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              13708800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7282605                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             52107720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              271440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1671206160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3929885520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4822394400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10496856645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         495.684490                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12500208250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    706940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7969339750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14022960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7453380                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             58555140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              104400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1671206160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3529779150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5159326080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10440447270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         493.020716                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13379588250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    706940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7089959750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21176488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21176488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21176488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1673334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1673334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1673334                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1673334                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          45599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              45599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         45599                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             45599                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1568850000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1568850000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1568850000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1568850000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1718933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1718933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1718933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1718933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34405.359767                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34405.359767                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34405.359767                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34405.359767                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12210                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12210                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         45599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1477654000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1477654000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1477654000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1477654000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32405.403627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32405.403627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32405.403627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32405.403627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      45342                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1068158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1068158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         37052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             37052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1097608000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1097608000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1105210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1105210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29623.448127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29623.448127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1023506000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1023506000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27623.502105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27623.502105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         605176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             605176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8547                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8547                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    471242000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    471242000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       613723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         613723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013926                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.013926                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55135.369135                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55135.369135                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8547                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8547                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    454148000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    454148000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013926                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013926                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53135.369135                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53135.369135                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21176488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.928311                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1714171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 45342                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.805368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.928311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1764531                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1764531                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21176488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21176488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21176488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               23949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          12299                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              23949                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             59599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            59599                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494864000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1183951000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1678815000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494864000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1183951000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1678815000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           83548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          83548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.713350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.713350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18816.837142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35554.084084                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28168.509539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18816.837142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35554.084084                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28168.509539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9235                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9235                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        59599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    442266000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1117353000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1559619000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    442266000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1117353000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1559619000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16816.837142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33554.144144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26168.543096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16816.837142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33554.144144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26168.543096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     65800                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          12299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              23949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            59599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494864000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1183951000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1678815000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          83548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.713350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18816.837142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35554.084084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28168.509539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    442266000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1117353000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1559619000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16816.837142                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33554.144144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26168.543096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12210                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12210                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12210                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12210                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21176488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.121878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  95057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                65800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.444635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    68.149675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    58.956549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   383.015654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.133105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.115150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.748077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               162070                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              162070                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21176488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                83548                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               83547                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12210                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       103407                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  179305                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3699712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6128448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            144598000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           227990000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21176488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21176488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21176488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21176488000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24494782000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 133266                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34304032                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   261197                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    52.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              466328410                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13719828                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024495                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24494782000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1730731                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13719828                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1303196                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           608                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      731970                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           181                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8964849                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24494782                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24494782                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8458934                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4214453                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1108417                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      394300                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13558882                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13558882                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            26354165                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           11079073                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1302005                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2033790                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     731785                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30679      0.22%      0.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  11511522     83.90%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.03%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.39%     84.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.01%     84.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.23%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.38%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1275447      9.30%     94.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  729792      5.32%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.19%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13719911                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        23720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        30440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           54160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        23720                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        30440                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          54160                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         15574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2586                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12988                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        15574                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158541000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    780789000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    939330000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158541000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    780789000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    939330000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        69734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        69734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.098305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.299070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.223334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.098305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.299070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.223334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61307.424594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60116.184170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60313.984847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61307.424594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60116.184170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60313.984847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           94                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               94                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        15574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        15574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153369000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    754813000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    908182000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153369000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    754813000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    908182000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.098305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.299070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.098305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.299070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.424594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58116.184170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58313.984847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.424594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58116.184170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58313.984847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1023                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        23720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        30440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          54160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        15574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158541000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    780789000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    939330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        69734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.098305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.299070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.223334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61307.424594                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60116.184170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60313.984847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153369000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    754813000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    908182000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.098305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.299070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.424594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58116.184170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58313.984847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11882                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11882                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11882                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11882                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24494782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        10166.776249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              81616                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            15587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.236158                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     5.604607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1759.159705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8402.011937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.053685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.256409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.310265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14564                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.444458                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            97203                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           97203                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24494782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8926893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8926893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8926893                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8926893                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37956                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37956                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    828511000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    828511000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    828511000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    828511000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8964849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8964849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21828.195806                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21828.195806                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21828.195806                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21828.195806                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    752599000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    752599000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    752599000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    752599000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19828.195806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19828.195806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19828.195806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19828.195806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37700                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8926893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8926893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    828511000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    828511000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8964849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21828.195806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21828.195806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    752599000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    752599000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19828.195806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19828.195806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24494782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.324701                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 8964849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37956                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                236.190563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.324701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9002805                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9002805                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24494782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               15574                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15574                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           94                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        31242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        31242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  31242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1002752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1002752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1002752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            16044000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           82750750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24494782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          165504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          831232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              996736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       165504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         165504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         6016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             6016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                15574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            94                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  94                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            6756704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           33935064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               40691769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       6756704                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           6756704                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          245603                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                245603                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          245603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           6756704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          33935064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              40937372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        94.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2586.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12981.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.009487685750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             4                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             4                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                37516                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  68                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        15574                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          94                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      15574                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        94                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     128694250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    77835000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                420575500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8267.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27017.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11663                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 63.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  15574                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    94                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3916                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     255.591420                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    171.134227                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    268.488909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1085     27.71%     27.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1474     37.64%     65.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          682     17.42%     82.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          124      3.17%     85.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           62      1.58%     87.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           64      1.63%     89.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          105      2.68%     91.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          109      2.78%     94.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          211      5.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3916                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            1483                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     583.558865                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1537.174247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              1     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2     50.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  996288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     4608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   996736                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  6016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         40.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      40.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    23479679000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1498575.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       165504                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       830784                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         4608                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 6756704.346256276593                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 33916774.601219147444                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 188121.698735673592                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2586                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12988                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           94                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     72300000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    348275500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  85405098500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27958.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26815.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 908564877.66                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              13908720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7392660                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             52507560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              271440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1933042800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4051715040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5994025920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12052864140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         492.058437                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15545079000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    817700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8132003000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14051520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7468560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             58640820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              104400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1933042800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3582162720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6389438400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11984909220                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         489.284176                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16577105250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    817700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7099976750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24494782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24494782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24494782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1978470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1978470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1978470                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1978470                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          56613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              56613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         56613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             56613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1778421000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1778421000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1778421000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1778421000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2035083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2035083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2035083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2035083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31413.650575                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31413.650575                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31413.650575                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31413.650575                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15155                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15155                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         56613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1665195000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1665195000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1665195000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1665195000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29413.650575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29413.650575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29413.650575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29413.650575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      56357                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1255406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1255406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         47790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             47790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1299186000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1299186000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1303196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1303196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.036671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27185.310734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27185.310734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        47790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1203606000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1203606000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25185.310734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25185.310734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         723064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             723064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8823                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8823                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    479235000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    479235000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       731887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         731887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.012055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54316.558994                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54316.558994                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    461589000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    461589000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52316.558994                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52316.558994                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24494782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.073492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2035083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 56613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.947274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.073492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2091696                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2091696                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24494782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24494782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24494782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               24835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13185                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              24835                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         43428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             69734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            69734                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    495347000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1319377000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1814724000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    495347000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1319377000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1814724000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           94569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          94569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.737388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.737388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18830.190831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30380.791195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26023.517940                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18830.190831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30380.791195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26023.517940                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11882                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11882                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    442735000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1232521000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1675256000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    442735000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1232521000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1675256000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.737388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.737388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16830.190831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28380.791195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24023.517940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16830.190831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28380.791195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24023.517940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     77993                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              24835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            69734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    495347000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1319377000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1814724000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          94569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.737388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18830.190831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30380.791195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26023.517940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    442735000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1232521000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1675256000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.737388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16830.190831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28380.791195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24023.517940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15155                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15155                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15155                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15155                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24494782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.376306                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 109724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                78505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.397669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    69.709549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    51.032101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   389.634655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.136151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.099672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.761005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          230                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               188229                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              188229                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24494782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                94569                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               94569                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15155                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       128381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  204293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4593152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2429184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7022336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189780000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            170344000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           283065000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24494782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24494782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24494782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24494782000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
