
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3903228000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  98086                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34400372                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   197555                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              381694849                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1002999                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2020199                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003903                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3903228000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            240618                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1002999                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2020199                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      178450                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           266                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      135882                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           203                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1297454                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           178                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3903217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3903217                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1579059                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              732123                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       202926                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  91342                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         91342                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               145075                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               65447                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       28341                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1943188                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1943188                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3546721                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1572012                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      177584                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        313448                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     135864                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 23148      1.15%      1.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1619075     80.14%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1189      0.06%     81.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1176      0.06%     81.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     782      0.04%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1870      0.09%     81.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30975      1.53%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       50      0.00%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12648      0.63%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   15123      0.75%     84.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    771      0.04%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   165560      8.19%     92.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  120253      5.95%     98.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               12024      0.60%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              15611      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2020289                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         4676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            6831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4676                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2155                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           6831                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1589                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4466                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6055                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96760000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265412000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    362172000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96760000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265412000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    362172000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        12886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        12886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.253631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.469890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.253631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.469890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60893.643801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59429.467085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59813.707680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60893.643801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59429.467085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59813.707680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93582000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256480000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    350062000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93582000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256480000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    350062000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.253631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.253631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58893.643801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57429.467085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57813.707680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58893.643801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57429.467085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57813.707680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                    15                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           6831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96760000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265412000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    362172000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        12886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.253631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.469890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60893.643801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59429.467085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59813.707680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93582000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256480000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    350062000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.253631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58893.643801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57429.467085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57813.707680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3903228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4163.460869                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                 15                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs               15                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                    1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   983.763663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3179.697206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.007506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.024259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.031765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6040                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5813                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.046082                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            23547                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           23547                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3903228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1287143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1287143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1287143                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1287143                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          10311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              10311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         10311                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             10311                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    273520000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    273520000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    273520000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    273520000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1297454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1297454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1297454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1297454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26527.009989                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26527.009989                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26527.009989                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26527.009989                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         10311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    252898000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    252898000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    252898000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    252898000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24527.009989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24527.009989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24527.009989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24527.009989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      10055                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1287143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1287143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         10311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             10311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    273520000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    273520000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1297454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1297454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26527.009989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26527.009989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    252898000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    252898000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24527.009989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24527.009989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3903228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               244.716990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  815513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 10055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 81.105221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   244.716990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.955926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.955926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1307765                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1307765                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3903228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6055                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6055                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        12110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        12110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       387520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       387520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  387520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6055000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           32238750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3903228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          101696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          285824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              387520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       101696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         101696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1589                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4466                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           26054332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           73227595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               99281928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      26054332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          26054332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          26054332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          73227595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              99281928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1589.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4466.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000578000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                13112                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6055                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6055                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      46861500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    30275000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                160392750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7739.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26489.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4496                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6055                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     248.569596                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    148.777779                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    290.773063                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           701     44.96%     44.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          384     24.63%     69.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          150      9.62%     79.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           75      4.81%     84.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           53      3.40%     87.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           30      1.92%     89.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      1.15%     90.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           18      1.15%     91.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          130      8.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  387520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   387520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         99.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      99.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3549496000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      586209.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       101696                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       285824                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 26054332.465333823115                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 73227595.210938230157                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1589                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4466                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     43786750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    116606000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27556.17                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26109.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5919060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3146055                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             23105040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      307934640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         801573330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         823830720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1965508845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         503.559834                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2133819000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    130260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1639149000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               5212200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2770350                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             20127660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      307934640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         658779780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         944077920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1938902550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         496.743349                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2447507000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    130260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1325461000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3903228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3903228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3903228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           304309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               304309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          304942                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              304942                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9300                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9300                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    413421000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    413421000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    422919000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    422919000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       313268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           313268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       314242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          314242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.029595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46145.886818                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46145.886818                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45475.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45475.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5741                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5741                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    395505000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    395505000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    404321000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    404321000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44146.110057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44146.110057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43475.376344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43475.376344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9043                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          172868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              172868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    142450000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142450000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       177459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          177459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31028.098453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31028.098453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    133268000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    133268000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29028.098453                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29028.098453                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         131441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             131441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270971000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    270971000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       135809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         135809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62035.485348                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62035.485348                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4368                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4368                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262237000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    262237000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032163                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032163                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60035.943223                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60035.943223                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           633                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               633                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          341                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             341                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      9498000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      9498000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          974                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           974                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.350103                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.350103                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27853.372434                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27853.372434                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          341                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          341                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8816000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8816000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.350103                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350103                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25853.372434                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25853.372434                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3903228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.172632                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  231420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.591065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.172632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                323541                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               323541                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3903228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3903228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3903228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                6724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4046                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2678                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               6724                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          6265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             12887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            12887                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    175027000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342553000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    517580000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    175027000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342553000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    517580000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           19611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          19611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.657131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.657131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27937.270551                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51729.537904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40162.954916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27937.270551                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51729.537904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40162.954916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4606                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4606                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    162497000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329311000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    491808000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    162497000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329311000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    491808000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25937.270551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49729.839928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38163.110111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25937.270551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49729.839928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38163.110111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     15478                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               6724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            12887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    175027000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342553000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    517580000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          19611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.657131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27937.270551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51729.537904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40162.954916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    162497000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329311000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    491808000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25937.270551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49729.839928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38163.110111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3903228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.579531                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  24447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                15478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.579468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   133.881462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   105.994098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   263.703971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.261487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.207020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.515047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.983554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                41342                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               41342                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3903228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                19611                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               19610                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5741                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        24340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        20622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   44962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       962560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       659904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1622464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            51555000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             48316000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            46495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3903228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3903228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3903228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3903228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7962130000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 110714                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34422752                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   217839                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    18.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              440748849                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000015                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3935255                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007962                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7962130000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            454576                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000015                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3935255                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      430003                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           447                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      299868                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           326                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2614400                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           267                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7962119                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7962119                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2552559                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1309945                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       346026                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 113732                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        113732                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               172175                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               72144                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       66415                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3847527                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3847527                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7343567                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3114276                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      429097                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        728947                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     299850                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 26430      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3100027     78.77%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4899      0.12%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      6670      0.17%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1279      0.03%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1870      0.05%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    32279      0.82%     80.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       50      0.00%     80.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13096      0.33%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   19050      0.48%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    771      0.02%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   416601     10.59%     92.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  268994      6.84%     98.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               12496      0.32%     99.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              30856      0.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3935402                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    32                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         8018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           15364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8018                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7346                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          15364                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          9310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2412                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6898                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         9310                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147861000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    413921000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    561782000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147861000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    413921000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    561782000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        24674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        24674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.231256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.484274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.377320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.231256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.484274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.377320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61302.238806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60005.943752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60341.783029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61302.238806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60005.943752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60341.783029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         9310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         9310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143037000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    400125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    543162000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143037000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    400125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    543162000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.231256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.484274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.231256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.484274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59302.238806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58005.943752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58341.783029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59302.238806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58005.943752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58341.783029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                    46                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          15364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2412                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         9310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    147861000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    413921000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    561782000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        24674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.231256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.484274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.377320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61302.238806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60005.943752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60341.783029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143037000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    400125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    543162000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.231256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.484274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59302.238806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58005.943752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58341.783029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9880                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9880                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9880                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9880                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7962130000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5748.136982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                 64                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs               46                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.391304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1466.864162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4281.272820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.011191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.032664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.043855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          794                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.070679                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            43864                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           43864                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7962130000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2596903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2596903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2596903                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2596903                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          17497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              17497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         17497                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             17497                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    447651000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    447651000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    447651000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    447651000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2614400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2614400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.006693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.006693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25584.443047                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25584.443047                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25584.443047                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25584.443047                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         17497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    412657000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    412657000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    412657000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    412657000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23584.443047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23584.443047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23584.443047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23584.443047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      17241                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2596903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2596903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         17497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             17497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    447651000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    447651000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2614400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25584.443047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25584.443047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    412657000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    412657000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23584.443047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23584.443047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7962130000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.468797                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2419501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 17241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                140.334145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.468797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.978394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.978394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2631897                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2631897                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7962130000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9310                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9310                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        18620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        18620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  18620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       595840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       595840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  595840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             9310000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           49663000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7962130000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          154368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          441472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              595840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       154368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         154368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2412                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 9310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           19387777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           55446470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               74834247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      19387777                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          19387777                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          19387777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          55446470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              74834247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2412.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6898.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000578000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                20661                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         9310                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       9310                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      76872750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    46550000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                251435250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8257.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27007.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6530                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  70.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   9310                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2779                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     214.362001                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    133.603004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    256.695173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1372     49.37%     49.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          681     24.51%     73.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          267      9.61%     83.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          127      4.57%     88.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           87      3.13%     91.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           40      1.44%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           20      0.72%     93.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           21      0.76%     94.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          164      5.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2779                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  595840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   595840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         74.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      74.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7957909000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      854770.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       154368                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       441472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 19387776.888847582042                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 55446469.726065769792                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2412                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6898                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     67423250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    184012000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27953.25                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26676.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     70.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10574340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5616600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             35707140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      628162080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1552701090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1749920160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3982681410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         500.203012                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4534446750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    265720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3161963250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9274860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4929705                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             30766260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      628162080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1282293660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1977631680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3933058245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         493.970614                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5128140500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    265720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2568269500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7962130000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7962130000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7962130000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           700804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               700804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          701535                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              701535                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          27779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              27779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         28189                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             28189                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    866428000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    866428000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    880551000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    880551000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       728583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           728583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       729724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          729724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31190.035638                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31190.035638                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31237.397566                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31237.397566                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           13736                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 13736                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         27779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    810872000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    810872000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    824175000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    824175000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29190.107635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29190.107635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29237.468516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29237.468516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      27932                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          411101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              411101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         17730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             17730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376431000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    376431000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       428831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          428831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.041345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21231.302876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21231.302876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    340973000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    340973000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19231.415680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19231.415680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         289703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             289703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10049                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    489997000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    489997000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       299752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         299752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48760.772216                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48760.772216                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    469899000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    469899000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033524                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033524                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46760.772216                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46760.772216                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14123000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14123000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34446.341463                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34446.341463                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13303000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13303000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32446.341463                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32446.341463                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7962130000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.123732                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  714188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 27932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.568810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.123732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                757912                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               757912                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7962130000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7962130000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7962130000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               21011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7067                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13944                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              21011                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         10430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         14245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             24675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            24675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    278627000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    585297000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    863924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    278627000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    585297000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    863924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        28189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           45686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        28189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          45686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.540100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.540100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26713.998082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41087.890488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35012.117528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26713.998082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41087.890488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35012.117528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9880                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9880                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        24675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    257767000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    556809000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    814576000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    257767000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    556809000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    814576000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24713.998082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39088.030888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33012.198582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24713.998082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39088.030888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33012.198582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     31494                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              21011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            24675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    278627000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    585297000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    863924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          45686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.540100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26713.998082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41087.890488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35012.117528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    257767000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    556809000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    814576000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24713.998082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39088.030888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33012.198582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13736                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13736                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13736                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13736                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7962130000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.872083                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  57766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                31494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.834191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   139.154108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   120.455025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.262950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.271785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.235264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.484889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                91428                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               91428                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7962130000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                45686                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               45685                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         13736                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        70113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        34994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  105107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2683136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1119808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3802944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            87485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            114366000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           140940000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7962130000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7962130000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7962130000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7962130000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12594658000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 109430                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34429096                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   217275                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    27.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              459404978                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000026                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5956605                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012595                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12594658000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            650443                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000026                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5956605                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      702544                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           813                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      500460                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           492                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3917639                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           290                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12594647                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12594647                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3567703                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1867917                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       469884                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 216515                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        216515                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               325436                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              135647                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      120025                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5803328                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5803328                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11405889                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4700389                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      701349                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1201774                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     500425                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 41173      0.69%      0.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4553444     76.44%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    15990      0.27%     77.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     16979      0.29%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2482      0.04%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     5110      0.09%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    56400      0.95%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       74      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    25728      0.43%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   36863      0.62%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    774      0.01%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   676197     11.35%     91.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  439681      7.38%     98.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               25152      0.42%     98.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              60744      1.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5956825                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        13833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           33386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19553                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        13833                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          33386                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        11998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         15017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3019                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        11998                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        15017                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    189564000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    733905000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    923469000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    189564000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    733905000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    923469000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        25831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        48403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        25831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        48403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.133750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.310249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.133750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.310249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62790.327923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61168.944824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61494.905773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62790.327923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61168.944824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61494.905773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           50                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               50                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        15017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        15017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    183526000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    709909000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    893435000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    183526000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    709909000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    893435000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.133750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.133750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60790.327923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59168.944824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59494.905773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60790.327923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59168.944824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59494.905773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   606                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        13833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          33386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        11998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        15017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    189564000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    733905000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    923469000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        25831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        48403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.133750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.310249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62790.327923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61168.944824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61494.905773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    183526000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    709909000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    893435000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.133750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60790.327923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59168.944824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59494.905773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        18254                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        18254                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        18254                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        18254                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12594658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8004.742192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               3730                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              606                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             6.155116                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     4.266886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1834.322174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  6166.153133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.013995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.047044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.061071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1033                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4908                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.110161                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            81702                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           81702                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12594658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3875050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3875050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3875050                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3875050                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          42589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              42589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         42589                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             42589                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    914101000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    914101000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    914101000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    914101000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3917639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3917639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21463.312123                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21463.312123                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21463.312123                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21463.312123                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         42589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    828923000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    828923000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    828923000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    828923000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19463.312123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19463.312123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19463.312123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19463.312123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      42333                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3875050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3875050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         42589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             42589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    914101000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    914101000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3917639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21463.312123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21463.312123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    828923000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    828923000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19463.312123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19463.312123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12594658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.503267                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3660407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 42333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 86.466988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.503267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.986341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3960228                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3960228                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12594658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               15017                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15017                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           50                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        30084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        30084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  30084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       964288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       964288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  964288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15267000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           80367250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12594658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          193216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          767872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              961088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       193216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         193216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         3200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             3200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3019                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            11998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                15017                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            50                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  50                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           15341107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           60968071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               76309178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      15341107                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          15341107                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          254076                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                254076                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          254076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          15341107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          60968071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              76563254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        46.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3019.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     11995.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005063710500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             1                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             1                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                33307                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  15                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        15017                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          50                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      15017                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        50                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        7.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     141138000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    75070000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                422650500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9400.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28150.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9480                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       12                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  63.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 26.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  15017                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    50                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15005                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     173.687861                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    117.007868                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    203.619315                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3067     55.40%     55.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1166     21.06%     76.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          696     12.57%     89.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          208      3.76%     92.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          143      2.58%     95.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           47      0.85%     96.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           21      0.38%     96.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           21      0.38%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          167      3.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean           12775                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   12775.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev            nan                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev            nan                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  960896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     1024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   961088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  3200                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         76.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      76.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12593855000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      835856.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       193216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       767680                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         1024                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 15341107.317086338997                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 60952826.190278448164                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 81304.311716919983                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3019                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        11998                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           50                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     88820500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    333830000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  36783455500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29420.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27823.80                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 735669110.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     63.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              19306560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10261680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             55063680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy               67860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      993872880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2944387440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2356864800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6379824900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         506.550071                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6099378500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    420420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6074859500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              20234760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10747440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             52136280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy               15660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      993872880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2716398840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2548855200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6342261060                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         503.567549                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6599429000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    420420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5574809000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12594658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12594658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12594658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1154596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1154596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1155327                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1155327                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          47047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              47047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         47457                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             47457                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1511836000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1511836000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1525959000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1525959000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1201643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1201643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1202784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1202784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.039152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.039456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32134.588815                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32134.588815                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32154.560971                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32154.560971                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           23718                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 23718                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         47047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1417744000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1417744000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1431047000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1431047000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30134.631326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30134.631326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30154.603114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30154.603114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      47200                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          670333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              670333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         31039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             31039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    642840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    642840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       701372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          701372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.044255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20710.718773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20710.718773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    580764000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    580764000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18710.783208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18710.783208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         484263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             484263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    868996000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    868996000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       500271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         500271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031999                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031999                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54285.107446                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54285.107446                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    836980000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    836980000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52285.107446                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52285.107446                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14123000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14123000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34446.341463                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34446.341463                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13303000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13303000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32446.341463                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32446.341463                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12594658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.813855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1186145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 47200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.130191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.813855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1250240                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1250240                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12594658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12594658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12594658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           20017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           21625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               41642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          20017                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          21625                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              41642                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         25832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48404                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    476962000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1045712000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1522674000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    476962000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1045712000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1522674000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           90046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          90046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.537547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.537547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21130.692894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40481.263549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31457.606809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21130.692894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40481.263549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31457.606809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          18254                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                18254                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431818000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    994050000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1425868000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431818000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    994050000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1425868000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19130.692894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38481.340972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29457.648128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19130.692894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38481.340972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29457.648128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     61262                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          20017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          21625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              41642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    476962000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1045712000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1522674000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          90046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.537547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21130.692894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40481.263549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31457.606809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431818000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    994050000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1425868000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19130.692894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38481.340972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29457.648128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12594658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.390401                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 112091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                61262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.829699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   137.663061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   102.068901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   269.658438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.268873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.199353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.526677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               175538                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              175538                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12594658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                90046                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               90045                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         23718                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       118631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        85178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  203809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4555136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2725696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7280832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           212945000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            208636000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           237280000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12594658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12594658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12594658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12594658000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17049449000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 110675                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34432628                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   221020                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    36.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              471728249                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000032                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7988194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017049                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17049449000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            848693                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000032                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7988194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      963666                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          1636                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      669007                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           694                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5208260                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           297                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17049438                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17049438                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4705712                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2469517                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       597211                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 327688                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        327688                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               502201                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              216712                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      174808                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7750704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7750704                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15428314                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6304533                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      962208                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1631161                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     668953                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 59935      0.75%      0.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6041717     75.63%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    23656      0.30%     76.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     28382      0.36%     77.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3307      0.04%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     9062      0.11%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    92052      1.15%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       80      0.00%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    42536      0.53%     78.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   54598      0.68%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1946      0.02%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   920110     11.52%     91.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  590957      7.40%     98.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               42098      0.53%     99.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              77996      0.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7988466                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        34613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        22839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           57452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        34613                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        22839                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          57452                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        15427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         18684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3257                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15427                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        18684                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206197000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    952045000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1158242000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206197000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    952045000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1158242000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        76136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        76136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.086005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.403152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.245403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.086005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.403152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.245403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63308.873196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61712.905944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61991.115393                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63308.873196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61712.905944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61991.115393                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               83                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        18684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        18684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    199683000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    921191000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1120874000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    199683000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    921191000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1120874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.086005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.403152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.245403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.086005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.403152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.245403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61308.873196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59712.905944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59991.115393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61308.873196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59712.905944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59991.115393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   725                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        34613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        22839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          57452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        18684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206197000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    952045000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1158242000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        76136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.086005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.403152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.245403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63308.873196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61712.905944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61991.115393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    199683000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    921191000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1120874000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.086005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.403152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.245403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61308.873196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59712.905944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59991.115393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        24822                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        24822                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        24822                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        24822                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17049449000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        10145.701738                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               4768                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             6.576552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     5.795025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2034.933854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8104.972859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.015525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.061836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.077406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        17990                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          876                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9057                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7958                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.137253                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           119673                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          119673                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17049449000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5138594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5138594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5138594                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5138594                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          69666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              69666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         69666                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             69666                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1398413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1398413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1398413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1398413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5208260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5208260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20073.105963                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20073.105963                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20073.105963                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20073.105963                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         69666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1259081000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1259081000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1259081000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1259081000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18073.105963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18073.105963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18073.105963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18073.105963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      69410                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5138594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5138594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         69666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             69666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1398413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1398413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5208260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20073.105963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20073.105963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1259081000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1259081000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18073.105963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18073.105963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17049449000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.416916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4853464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 69410                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 69.924564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.416916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.989910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5277926                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5277926                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17049449000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18684                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18684                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           83                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        37451                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        37451                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  37451                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1201088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1201088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1201088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            19099000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          100114250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17049449000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          208448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          987328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1195776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       208448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         208448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         5312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             5312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            15427                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                18684                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            83                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  83                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           12226084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           57909672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               70135756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      12226084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          12226084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          311564                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                311564                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          311564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          12226084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          57909672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              70447321                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        77.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3257.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     15421.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.008711634500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                41812                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  49                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        18684                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          83                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      18684                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        83                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       12.10                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     184818000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    93390000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                535030500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9894.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28644.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11254                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       44                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 57.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  18684                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    83                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    18669                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7430                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     161.309287                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    112.516983                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    183.899684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4230     56.93%     56.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1547     20.82%     77.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          990     13.32%     91.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          249      3.35%     94.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          152      2.05%     96.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           50      0.67%     97.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           22      0.30%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           22      0.30%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          168      2.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7430                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            5539                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    3516.186857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    6289.440993                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.333333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.306995                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.154701                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1     33.33%     33.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2     66.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1195392                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     3328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1195776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  5312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         70.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      70.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17048356000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      908422.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       208448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       986944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         3328                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 12226084.256447231397                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 57887149.314913339913                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 195196.923959243490                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3257                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        15427                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           83                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     97489500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    437541000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 115392296500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29932.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28362.03                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1390268632.53                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              25147080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              13358400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             67644360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy               67860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1345446960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4002648870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3176337120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8630650650                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         506.212878                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8219508000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    569140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8260801000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              27917400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              14838450                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             65716560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              203580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1345446960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3762384180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3378665280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8595172410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         504.131976                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8746730500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    569140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7733578500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17049449000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17049449000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17049449000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1564284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1564284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1565015                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1565015                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          66976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              66976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         67386                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             67386                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2071988000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2071988000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2086111000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2086111000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1631260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1631260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1632401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1632401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.041058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.041280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30936.275681                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30936.275681                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30957.632149                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30957.632149                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           32096                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 32096                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        66976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         66976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1938038000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1938038000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1951341000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1951341000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28936.305542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28936.305542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28957.661829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28957.661829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      67129                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          916071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              916071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         46423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             46423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    929788000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    929788000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       962494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          962494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.048232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20028.606510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20028.606510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    836944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    836944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18028.649592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18028.649592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         648213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             648213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        20553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            20553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1142200000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1142200000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       668766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         668766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030733                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030733                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55573.395611                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55573.395611                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        20553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1101094000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1101094000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030733                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030733                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53573.395611                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53573.395611                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14123000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14123000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34446.341463                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34446.341463                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13303000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13303000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32446.341463                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32446.341463                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17049449000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.123779                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1614803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 67129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 24.055222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.123779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1699786                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1699786                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17049449000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17049449000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17049449000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           31796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           29119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               60915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          31796                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          29119                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              60915                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         37870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         38267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             76137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            76137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    691993000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1418649000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2110642000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    691993000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1418649000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2110642000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          137052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         137052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.555534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.555534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18272.854502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37072.386129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27721.633371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18272.854502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37072.386129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27721.633371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          24822                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                24822                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        76137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        76137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    616253000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1342117000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1958370000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    616253000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1342117000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1958370000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16272.854502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35072.438393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25721.659640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16272.854502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35072.438393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25721.659640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     93821                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          31796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          29119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              60915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            76137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    691993000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1418649000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2110642000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         137052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.555534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18272.854502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37072.386129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27721.633371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        76137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    616253000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1342117000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1958370000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16272.854502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35072.438393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25721.659640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17049449000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.072254                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 167659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                93821                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.787009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   134.563627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   101.865630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   273.642997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.262820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.198956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.534459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          358                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               263481                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              263481                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17049449000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               137052                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              137051                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         32096                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       166867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       139332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  306199                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6366784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4458624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10825408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           348330000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            297532000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           336925000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17049449000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17049449000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17049449000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17049449000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21513493000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 113948                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34442420                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   227111                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    43.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              490281463                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9965607                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021513                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21513493000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1055108                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9965607                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1148432                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2240                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      865766                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           934                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6485913                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           364                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21513482                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21513482                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5795752                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3170350                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       757534                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 400785                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        400785                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               612618                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              264838                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      209194                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9678803                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9678803                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19082946                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7846687                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1146734                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2012400                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     865666                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 70202      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7565946     75.92%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    34403      0.35%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     34245      0.34%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4101      0.04%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10940      0.11%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110866      1.11%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      164      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    52686      0.53%     79.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   67696      0.68%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2248      0.02%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1094322     10.98%     90.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  770883      7.74%     98.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               52412      0.53%     99.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              94783      0.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9965931                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        44459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        28378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           72837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        44459                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        28378                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          72837                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        23593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         27558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3965                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23593                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        27558                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    252764000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1451316000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1704080000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    252764000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1451316000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1704080000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        51971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       100395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        51971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       100395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.453965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.274496                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.453965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.274496                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63748.802018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61514.686560                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61836.127440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63748.802018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61514.686560                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61836.127440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          306                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              306                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        27558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        27558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    244834000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1404130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1648964000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    244834000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1404130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1648964000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.453965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.274496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.453965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.274496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61748.802018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59514.686560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59836.127440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61748.802018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59514.686560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59836.127440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1430                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        44459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        28378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          72837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        27558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    252764000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1451316000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1704080000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        51971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       100395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.453965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.274496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63748.802018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61514.686560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61836.127440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    244834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1404130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1648964000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.453965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.274496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61748.802018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59514.686560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59836.127440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34644                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34644                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34644                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34644                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21513493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        12334.656011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              16563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1430                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            11.582517                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     6.955986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2188.870786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 10138.829239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.016700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.077353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.094106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        26194                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9781                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12666                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.199844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           162663                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          162663                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21513493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6398049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6398049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6398049                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6398049                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          87864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              87864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         87864                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             87864                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1759203000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1759203000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1759203000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1759203000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6485913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6485913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20021.886097                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20021.886097                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20021.886097                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20021.886097                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         87864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        87864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1583475000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1583475000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1583475000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1583475000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18021.886097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18021.886097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18021.886097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18021.886097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      87608                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6398049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6398049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         87864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             87864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1759203000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1759203000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6485913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20021.886097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20021.886097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        87864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1583475000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1583475000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18021.886097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18021.886097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21513493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.952905                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6114714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 87608                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 69.796297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.952905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6573777                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6573777                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21513493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               27558                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              27558                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          306                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        55422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        55422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  55422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1783296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1783296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1783296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            29088000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          147360250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21513493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          253760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1509952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1763712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       253760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         253760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        19584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            19584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            23593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                27558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           306                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 306                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11795388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           70186278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               81981666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11795388                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11795388                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          910312                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                910312                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          910312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11795388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          70186278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              82891979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       299.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3965.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     23583.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.017444278500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            16                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            16                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                60913                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 254                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        27558                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         306                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      27558                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       306                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       15.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     268665500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   137740000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                785190500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9752.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28502.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     17691                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      209                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 69.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  27558                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   306                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    27539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         9918                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     179.507159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    117.762569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    218.346168                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5567     56.13%     56.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1978     19.94%     76.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1285     12.96%     89.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          309      3.12%     92.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          185      1.87%     94.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           69      0.70%     94.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          136      1.37%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           55      0.55%     96.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          334      3.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          9918                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            1447                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     197.870647                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    3253.937942                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511             11     68.75%     68.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      6.25%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      6.25%     81.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      6.25%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      6.25%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      6.25%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.875000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.846094                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.024695                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 9     56.25%     56.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 7     43.75%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1763072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    17280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1763712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 19584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         81.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      81.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21513223000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      772079.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       253760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1509312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        17280                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11795388.131532149389                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 70156529.207042291760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 803216.846283399849                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3965                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        23593                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          306                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    120401000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    664789500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 293542370500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30365.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28177.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 959288792.48                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              33786480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              17957940                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             96125820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              574200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1698250320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5229395460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3857542080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10933632300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         508.222086                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9978200500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    718204250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10817088250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              37028040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              19680870                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            100566900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              835200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1698250320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5011764900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4040815200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10908941430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         507.074394                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10455479750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    718190500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10339822750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21513493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21513493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21513493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1926017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1926017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1927859                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1927859                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          85218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              85218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         86015                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             86015                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2860436000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2860436000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2903466000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2903466000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2011235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2011235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2013874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2013874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.042371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.042711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33566.101058                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33566.101058                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33755.344998                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33755.344998                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           43140                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 43140                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        85218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         85218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        86015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2690002000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2690002000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2731438000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2731438000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31566.124528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31566.124528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31755.368250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31755.368250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      85758                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1089701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1089701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         56054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             56054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1125830000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1125830000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1145755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1145755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.048923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20084.739715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20084.739715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1013722000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1013722000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18084.739715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18084.739715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         836316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             836316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        29164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            29164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1734606000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1734606000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       865480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         865480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033697                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033697                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59477.643670                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59477.643670                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1676280000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1676280000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033697                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033697                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57477.712248                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57477.712248                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     43030000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     43030000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53989.962359                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53989.962359                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     41436000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41436000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51989.962359                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51989.962359                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21513493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.305594                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2009784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 85758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.435528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.305594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2099888                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2099888                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21513493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21513493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21513493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           39440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           34043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               73483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          39440                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          34043                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              73483                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         48424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         51972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            100396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           100396                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    874346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2079753000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2954099000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    874346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2079753000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2954099000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        86015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          173879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        86015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         173879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.577390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.577390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18056.046588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40016.797506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29424.469102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18056.046588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40016.797506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29424.469102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          34644                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                34644                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    777498000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1975811000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2753309000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    777498000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1975811000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2753309000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16056.046588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38016.835989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27424.489023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16056.046588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38016.835989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27424.489023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    122192                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          39440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          34043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              73483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           100396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    874346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2079753000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2954099000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        86015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         173879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.577390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18056.046588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40016.797506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29424.469102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    777498000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1975811000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2753309000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16056.046588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38016.835989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27424.489023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21513493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.472261                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 216250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               122192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.769756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   126.310686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    97.229555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   286.932020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.246701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.189901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.560414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               339723                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              339723                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21513493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               173879                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              173878                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         43140                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       215169                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       175728                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  390897                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8265856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5623296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13889152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           439320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            389579000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           430070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21513493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21513493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21513493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21513493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25715786000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 117893                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34456652                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   233989                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    50.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              505259416                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000283                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11909122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025716                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25715786000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1314536                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000283                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11909122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1321074                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2322                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1021912                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1071                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7828993                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           443                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25715775                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25715775                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7074704                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3885654                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       972127                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 403600                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        403600                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               616283                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              266058                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      237353                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11616183                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11616183                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22533962                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9370948                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1319362                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2341175                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1021813                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 71468      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9176702     77.05%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    35108      0.29%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35108      0.29%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4151      0.03%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10940      0.09%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   111250      0.93%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      164      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    52870      0.44%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   68230      0.57%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2248      0.02%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1266748     10.64%     90.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  925619      7.77%     98.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               52614      0.44%     99.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96194      0.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11909448                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        51211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        29176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           80387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        51211                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        29176                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          80387                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        28627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         33143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4516                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        28627                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        33143                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    287948000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1751229000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2039177000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    287948000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1751229000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2039177000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        55727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       113530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        55727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       113530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.291932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.291932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63761.736050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61174.031509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61526.627040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63761.736050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61174.031509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61526.627040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          612                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              612                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        33143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        33143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    278916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1693975000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1972891000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    278916000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1693975000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1972891000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61761.736050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59174.031509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59526.627040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61761.736050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59174.031509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59526.627040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1827                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        51211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        29176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          80387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        28627                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        33143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    287948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1751229000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2039177000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        55727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       113530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.291932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63761.736050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61174.031509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61526.627040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        33143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    278916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1693975000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1972891000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61761.736050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59174.031509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59526.627040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        40388                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        40388                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        40388                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        40388                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25715786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        15305.930212                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              17591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             9.628352                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    10.145013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2363.173035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 12932.612165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.018030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.098668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.116775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        31407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        15301                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16051                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.239616                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           187152                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          187152                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25715786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7713843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7713843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7713843                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7713843                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         115150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             115150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        115150                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            115150                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2231939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2231939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2231939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2231939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7828993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7828993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7828993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7828993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.014708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.014708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19382.883196                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19382.883196                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19382.883196                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19382.883196                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        115150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       115150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2001641000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2001641000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2001641000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2001641000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17382.900564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17382.900564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17382.900564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17382.900564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     114893                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7713843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7713843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        115150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            115150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2231939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2231939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7828993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7828993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.014708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19382.883196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19382.883196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       115150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2001641000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2001641000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17382.900564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17382.900564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25715786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.287427                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7544664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                114893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 65.666873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.287427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7944142                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7944142                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25715786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               33143                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              33143                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          612                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        66898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        66898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  66898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2160320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2160320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2160320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            36203000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          176836250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25715786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          289024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1832128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2121152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       289024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         289024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        39168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            39168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            28627                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                33143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           612                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 612                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11239166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           71245265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               82484432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11239166                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11239166                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1523111                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1523111                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1523111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11239166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          71245265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              84007543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       605.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4516.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     28617.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.017444278500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            35                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            35                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                73453                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 552                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        33143                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         612                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      33143                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       612                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       17.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     313187750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   165665000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                934431500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9452.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28202.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     22632                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      467                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  33143                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   612                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    33124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        10618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     203.229233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    126.350619                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    250.488374                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5711     53.79%     53.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2094     19.72%     73.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1337     12.59%     86.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          338      3.18%     89.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          207      1.95%     91.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           83      0.78%     92.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          274      2.58%     94.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           64      0.60%     95.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          510      4.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         10618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           35                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      946.342857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      82.692576                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    2693.953316                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511             29     82.86%     82.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      2.86%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      2.86%     88.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      2.86%     91.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      2.86%     94.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      2.86%     97.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      2.86%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             35                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           35                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.685714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.659348                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.963188                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                23     65.71%     65.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                12     34.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             35                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2120512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    37376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2121152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 39168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         82.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      82.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25693768000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      761184.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       289024                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1831488                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        37376                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11239166.479297969490                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 71220378.019944638014                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1453426.311760410434                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4516                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        28627                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          612                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    137212750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    797218750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 434024722500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30383.69                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27848.49                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 709190723.04                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              35885640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              19073670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            114425640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1169280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2029541280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5665663200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5103777120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12969535830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         504.341412                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13213306000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    858520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11643960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              39926880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              21221640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            122143980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1879200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2029541280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5501833800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5241738720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12958285500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         503.903925                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13572326250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    858520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11284939750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25715786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25715786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25715786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2248520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2248520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2250362                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2250362                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          91501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              91501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         92298                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             92298                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3267941000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3267941000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3310971000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3310971000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2340021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2340021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2342660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2342660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.039103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.039399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35714.811860                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35714.811860                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35872.619125                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35872.619125                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           48810                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 48810                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        91501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         91501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        92298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3084939000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3084939000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3126375000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3126375000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33714.811860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33714.811860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33872.619125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33872.619125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      92042                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1261482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1261482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         56915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             56915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1143570000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1143570000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1318397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1318397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.043170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20092.594219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20092.594219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1029740000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1029740000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18092.594219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18092.594219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         987038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             987038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34586                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34586                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2124371000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2124371000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1021624                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1021624                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033854                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033854                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61422.858960                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61422.858960                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2055199000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2055199000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033854                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033854                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59422.858960                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59422.858960                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     43030000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     43030000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53989.962359                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53989.962359                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     41436000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41436000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51989.962359                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51989.962359                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25715786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.419069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2112959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 92042                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.956466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.419069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2434958                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2434958                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25715786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25715786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25715786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           59422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           34495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               93917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          59422                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          34495                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              93917                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         55728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         57803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            113531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           113531                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1003367000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2445414000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3448781000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1003367000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2445414000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3448781000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        92298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          207448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        92298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         207448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.547274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.547274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18004.719351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42306.004879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30377.438761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18004.719351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42306.004879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30377.438761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          40388                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                40388                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       113531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       113531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    891913000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2329808000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3221721000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    891913000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2329808000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3221721000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.547274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.547274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16004.755240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40306.004879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28377.456378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16004.755240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40306.004879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28377.456378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    136023                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          59422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          34495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              93917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           113531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1003367000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2445414000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3448781000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        92298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         207448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.547274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18004.719351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42306.004879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30377.438761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       113531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    891913000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2329808000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3221721000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.547274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16004.755240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40306.004879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28377.456378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        48810                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        48810                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        48810                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        48810                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25715786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.721913                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 237413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               136023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.745389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   118.182217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   112.160636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   280.379060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.230825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.219064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.547615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               392793                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              392793                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25715786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               207448                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              207447                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         48810                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       233406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       230299                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  463705                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9030912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7369536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 16400448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           575745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            451498000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           461490000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25715786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25715786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25715786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25715786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                29713219000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 126773                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34463556                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   249205                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    55.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              538116546                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13760356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.029713                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 29713219000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1559409                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13760356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1537484                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2346                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1130374                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1079                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9150476                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           474                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         29713219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   29713219                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8433541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4557308                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1161124                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 403600                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        403600                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               616283                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              266058                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      275126                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13462401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13462401                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25995195                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10864965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1535772                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2666047                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1130275                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 72686      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10700726     77.76%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    36228      0.26%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35108      0.26%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4151      0.03%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10940      0.08%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   111250      0.81%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      164      0.00%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    52870      0.38%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   68230      0.50%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2248      0.02%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1483158     10.78%     91.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1034081      7.51%     98.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               52614      0.38%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96194      0.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13760682                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        60252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        30971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           91223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        60252                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        30971                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          91223                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        29573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         34277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4704                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        29573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        34277                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    301112000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1812607000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2113719000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    301112000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1812607000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2113719000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       125500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       125500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.072418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.273124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.072418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.273124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64011.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61292.631793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61665.810894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64011.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61292.631793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61665.810894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          706                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              706                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        34277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        34277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    291704000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1753461000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2045165000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    291704000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1753461000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2045165000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.072418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.273124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.072418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.273124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62011.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59292.631793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59665.810894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62011.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59292.631793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59665.810894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1946                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        60252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        30971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          91223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        29573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        34277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    301112000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1812607000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2113719000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       125500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.072418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.273124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64011.904762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61292.631793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61665.810894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    291704000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1753461000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2045165000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.072418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.273124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62011.904762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59292.631793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59665.810894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        41607                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        41607                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        41607                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        41607                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29713219000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        17502.701125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             167107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            34374                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.861436                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    13.697425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2522.207573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 14966.796127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.019243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.114188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.133535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          618                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11948                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        19848                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.247406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           201481                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          201481                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29713219000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9000030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9000030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9000030                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9000030                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         150446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             150446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        150446                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            150446                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2811119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2811119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2811119000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2811119000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9150476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9150476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18685.235899                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18685.235899                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18685.235899                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18685.235899                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        150446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       150446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2510227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2510227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2510227000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2510227000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16685.235899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16685.235899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16685.235899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16685.235899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     150190                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9000030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9000030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        150446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            150446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2811119000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2811119000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9150476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.016441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18685.235899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18685.235899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       150446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2510227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2510227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16685.235899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16685.235899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29713219000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.517826                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9150476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                150446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 60.822328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.517826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9300922                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9300922                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29713219000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               34277                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              34277                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          706                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        69260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        69260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  69260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2238912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2238912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2238912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            37807000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          182927000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29713219000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          301056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1892672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2193728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       301056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         301056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        45184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            45184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4704                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            29573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                34277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           706                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 706                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10132056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           63697979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               73830035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10132056                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10132056                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1520670                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1520670                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1520670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10132056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          63697979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              75350705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       699.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4704.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     29563.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.017444278500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            40                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            40                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                76842                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 636                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        34277                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         706                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      34277                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       706                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       18.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     328624500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   171335000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                971130750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9590.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28340.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     23211                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      532                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  67.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 76.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  34277                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   706                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    34258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        11197                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     199.710637                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    125.293191                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    246.233476                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5988     53.48%     53.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2323     20.75%     74.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1387     12.39%     86.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          347      3.10%     89.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          209      1.87%     91.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           86      0.77%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          277      2.47%     94.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           65      0.58%     95.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          515      4.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         11197                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean             831                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      70.678811                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    2534.258583                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511             34     85.00%     85.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      2.50%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      2.50%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      2.50%     92.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      2.50%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      2.50%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      2.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           40                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.825000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.797290                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.984170                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                23     57.50%     57.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      2.50%     60.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                16     40.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             40                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2193088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    43072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2193728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 45184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         73.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      73.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    29702516000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      849055.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       301056                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1892032                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        43072                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10132056.038761738688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 63676439.769114211202                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1449590.500443590572                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4704                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        29573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          706                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    144099500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    827031250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 497941362000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30633.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27965.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 705299379.60                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     67.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              37706340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              20041395                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            118088460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1388520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2345466240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6063652020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6303643200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14889986175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         501.123294                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16328588750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    992160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12392470250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              42240240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              22451220                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            126577920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             2124540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2345466240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5821333050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6507701280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14867894490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         500.379797                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16860749250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    992160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11860309750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29713219000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29713219000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29713219000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2562280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2562280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2570356                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2570356                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          93391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              93391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         97176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             97176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3325934000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3325934000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3454771000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3454771000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2655671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2655671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2667532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2667532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.035167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.036429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35613.003394                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35613.003394                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35551.689718                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35551.689718                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           50706                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 50706                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        93391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         93391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        97176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        97176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3139152000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3139152000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3260419000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3260419000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33613.003394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33613.003394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33551.689718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33551.689718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      96920                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1467687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1467687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         57898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             57898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1161249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1161249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1525585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1525585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.037951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20056.806798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20056.806798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1045453000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1045453000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18056.806798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18056.806798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1094593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1094593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35493                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35493                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2164685000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2164685000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1130086                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1130086                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031407                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031407                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60989.068267                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60989.068267                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2093699000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2093699000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031407                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031407                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58989.068267                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58989.068267                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8076                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8076                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         3785                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3785                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    128837000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    128837000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11861                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         11861                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.319113                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.319113                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34038.837517                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34038.837517                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3785                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         3785                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    121267000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121267000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.319113                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.319113                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32038.837517                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32038.837517                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29713219000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.497224                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2667532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 97176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 27.450523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.497224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2764708                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2764708                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29713219000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29713219000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29713219000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           85490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           36632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              122122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          85490                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          36632                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             122122                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         64956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         60544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            125500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           125500                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1136132000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2540533000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3676665000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1136132000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2540533000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3676665000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        97176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          247622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        97176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         247622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.506821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.506821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17490.793768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41961.763346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29296.135458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17490.793768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41961.763346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29296.135458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          41607                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                41607                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       125500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       125500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1006220000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2419445000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3425665000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1006220000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2419445000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3425665000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15490.793768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39961.763346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27296.135458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15490.793768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39961.763346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27296.135458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    149066                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          85490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          36632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             122122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           125500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1136132000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2540533000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3676665000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        97176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         247622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.506821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17490.793768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41961.763346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29296.135458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       125500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1006220000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2419445000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3425665000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15490.793768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39961.763346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27296.135458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        50706                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        50706                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        50706                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        50706                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29713219000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.893859                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 298328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               149578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   117.132794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   129.473932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   264.287133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.228775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.252879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.516186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          441                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               447906                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              447906                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29713219000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               247622                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              247622                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         50706                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       245058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       300892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  545950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9464448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9628544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19092992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           752230000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            501152000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           485880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29713219000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29713219000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29713219000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  29713219000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
