
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3556252000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 104380                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34211848                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   185403                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              370883728                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000829                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1777741                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003556                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3556252000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            188866                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000829                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1777741                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      203491                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       99872                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1269463                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            83                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3556241                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3556241                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1306070                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1001138                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       167101                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       10964                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1763334                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1763334                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3294661                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1490281                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      203406                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        303200                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      99794                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7702      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1448786     81.50%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    11298      0.64%     82.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.10%     82.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.03%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     82.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     82.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.06%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.03%     82.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.12%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.01%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.01%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   202451     11.39%     94.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   94276      5.30%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.05%     99.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1777753                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    97                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         2602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            3936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2602                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1334                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           3936                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2718                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1168                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3886                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    166143000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68620000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    234763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    166143000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68620000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    234763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         2502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         7822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         7822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.510902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.496804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.510902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.496804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61126.931567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        58750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60412.506433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61126.931567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        58750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60412.506433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          235                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              235                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160707000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66284000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    226991000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160707000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66284000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    226991000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.510902                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466827                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.510902                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59126.931567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        56750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58412.506433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59126.931567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        56750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58412.506433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2333                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           3936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    166143000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68620000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    234763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         7822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.510902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.496804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61126.931567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        58750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60412.506433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66284000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226991000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.510902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59126.931567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        56750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58412.506433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1672                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1672                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1672                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1672                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3556252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1472.120670                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               4400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.885984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    95.887807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   789.136112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   587.096751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.046820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.385320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.286668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.718809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1741                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1650                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.850098                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            13568                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           13568                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3556252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1262767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1262767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1262767                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1262767                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           6696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               6696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          6696                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              6696                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    282576000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    282576000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    282576000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    282576000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1269463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1269463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1269463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1269463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42200.716846                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42200.716846                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42200.716846                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42200.716846                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269184000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    269184000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269184000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    269184000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40200.716846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40200.716846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40200.716846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40200.716846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       6440                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1262767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1262767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          6696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              6696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    282576000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    282576000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1269463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1269463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42200.716846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42200.716846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269184000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    269184000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40200.716846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40200.716846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3556252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               249.671840                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  976642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  6440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                151.652484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.671840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.975281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.975281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1276159                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1276159                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3556252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3886                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3886                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          235                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8007                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8007                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8007                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       263744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       263744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  263744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5061000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           20735250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3556252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          173952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           74752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              248704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       173952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         173952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        15040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            15040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2718                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3886                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           235                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 235                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           48914419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           21019883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               69934302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      48914419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          48914419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         4229172                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               4229172                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         4229172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          48914419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          21019883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              74163473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       227.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2718.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1156.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001818362500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            12                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            12                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 8885                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 191                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3886                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         235                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3886                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       235                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      32702250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    19370000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                105339750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8441.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27191.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2825                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      169                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3886                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   235                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3874                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     240.930748                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    162.915046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    252.193200                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           336     31.02%     31.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          431     39.80%     70.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          122     11.27%     82.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           49      4.52%     86.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           35      3.23%     89.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           22      2.03%     91.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           20      1.85%     93.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      1.11%     94.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           56      5.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           12                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      316.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     124.357467                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     536.468814                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63               4     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             3     25.00%     58.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      8.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      8.33%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      8.33%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      8.33%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      8.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             12                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           12                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.916667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.889921                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.996205                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 6     50.00%     50.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      8.33%     58.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 5     41.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             12                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  247936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    12992                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   248704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 15040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         69.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          3.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      69.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       4.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3523687000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      855056.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       173952                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        73984                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        12992                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 48914418.888200268149                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 20803925.031184516847                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 3653284.412915620022                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2718                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1168                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          235                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     75515750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     29824000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  57424313000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27783.57                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25534.25                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 244358778.72                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2234820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1187835                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             10295880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              438480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      280275840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         268822830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1139223840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1702479525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         478.728595                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2959028500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    118560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    478663500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               5497800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2922150                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             17364480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              621180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      280275840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         593783820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         865572480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1766037750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         496.600845                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2242453500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    118560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1195238500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3556252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3556252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3556252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           297285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               297285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          299378                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              299378                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           3963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               3963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          3973                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              3973                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    135308000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    135308000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    135882000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    135882000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       301248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           301248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       303351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          303351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34142.821095                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34142.821095                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34201.359174                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34201.359174                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            2050                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  2050                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          3963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    127384000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    127384000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    127938000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    127938000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32143.325763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32143.325763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32201.862572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32201.862572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       3716                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          198831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              198831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     58957000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     58957000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       201388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          201388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23057.098162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23057.098162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     53845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21057.880329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21057.880329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          98454                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              98454                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         1406                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             1406                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     76351000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76351000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        99860                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          99860                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014080                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014080                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54303.698435                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54303.698435                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73539000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73539000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014080                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014080                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52303.698435                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52303.698435                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          2093                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              2093                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2103                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2103                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004755                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.004755                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004755                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004755                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3556252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               248.833265                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  158109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  3716                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 42.548170                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.833265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.972005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.972005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                307323                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               307323                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3556252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3556252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3556252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            1470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                2846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1376                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           1470                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               2846                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          5320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          2503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              7823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2503                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             7823                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    229867000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     98810000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    328677000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    229867000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     98810000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    328677000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           10669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          10669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.733246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.733246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43208.082707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39476.628046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42014.188930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43208.082707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39476.628046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42014.188930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           1672                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 1672                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     93806000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    313033000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219227000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     93806000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    313033000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41208.082707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37477.427087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40014.444586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41208.082707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37477.427087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40014.444586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      8795                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           1470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               2846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             7823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    229867000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     98810000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    328677000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          10669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.733246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43208.082707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39476.628046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42014.188930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     93806000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    313033000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41208.082707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37477.427087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40014.444586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2050                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2050                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2050                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2050                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3556252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.781704                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  11730                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8795                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.333712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    57.871215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   363.419931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    78.490558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.113030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.709805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.153302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.976136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                22026                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               22026                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3556252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                10669                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               10668                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          2050                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         9995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        13392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   23387                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       385408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       428544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   813952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            33480000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             20919000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            19860000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3556252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3556252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3556252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3556252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 6847137000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 116139                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34212776                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   202945                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    17.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              397502214                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000376                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3495563                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.006847                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6847137000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            364502                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000376                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3495563                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      380239                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      200446                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2571528                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            83                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          6847126                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    6847126                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2507452                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1966035                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       321884                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       16282                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3471519                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3471519                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6545683                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2944871                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      380154                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        580522                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     200368                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 15502      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2858871     81.79%     82.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    33913      0.97%     83.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.05%     83.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.02%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.03%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.02%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.06%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.01%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.01%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   379199     10.85%     94.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  194850      5.57%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.03%     99.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3495575                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    97                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         4639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         4336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            8975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4639                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4336                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           8975                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2779                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1169                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3948                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    169539000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68643000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    238182000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    169539000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68643000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    238182000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         5505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        12923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         5505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        12923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.374629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.212352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.305502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.374629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.212352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.305502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61007.196833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58719.418306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60329.787234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61007.196833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58719.418306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60329.787234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          247                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              247                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    163981000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66305000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230286000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    163981000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66305000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230286000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.374629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.212352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.374629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.212352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59007.196833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56719.418306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58329.787234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59007.196833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56719.418306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58329.787234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2366                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         4336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           8975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2779                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    169539000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68643000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    238182000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         5505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        12923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.374629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.212352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.305502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61007.196833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58719.418306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60329.787234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    163981000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66305000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230286000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.374629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.212352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59007.196833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56719.418306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58329.787234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2933                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2933                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2933                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2933                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6847137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1609.270390                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               7010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.962806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   113.375173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   897.531671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   598.363546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.055359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.438248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.292170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.785777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1776                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1763                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            19998                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           19998                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6847137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2562399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2562399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2562399                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2562399                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           9129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               9129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          9129                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              9129                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    330741000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    330741000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    330741000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    330741000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2571528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2571528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2571528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2571528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36229.707525                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36229.707525                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36229.707525                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36229.707525                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    312483000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    312483000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    312483000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    312483000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34229.707525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34229.707525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34229.707525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34229.707525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       8873                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2562399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2562399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          9129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              9129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    330741000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    330741000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2571528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2571528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36229.707525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36229.707525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    312483000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    312483000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34229.707525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34229.707525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6847137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.713293                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2118002                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  8873                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                238.701905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.713293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.987161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2580657                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2580657                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6847137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3948                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3948                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          247                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8143                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8143                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8143                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       268480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       268480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  268480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5183000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21064500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6847137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          177856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           74816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              252672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       177856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         177856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        15808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            15808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2779                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           247                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 247                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           25975236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           10926611                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               36901847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      25975236                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          25975236                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2308702                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2308702                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2308702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          25975236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          10926611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              39210549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       239.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2779.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1156.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007471708500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            13                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            13                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9865                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 208                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3948                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         247                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3948                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       247                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 74                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      32922250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    19675000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                106703500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8366.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27116.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2870                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      184                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 76.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3948                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   247                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3935                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     241.364791                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    162.962730                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    253.050209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           342     31.03%     31.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          438     39.75%     70.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          124     11.25%     82.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           49      4.45%     86.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           37      3.36%     89.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           22      2.00%     91.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           20      1.81%     93.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      1.09%     94.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           58      5.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      302.461538                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     124.929307                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     516.177072                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63               4     30.77%     30.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             3     23.08%     53.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            2     15.38%     69.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      7.69%     76.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      7.69%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      7.69%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      7.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.972825                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev              1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 6     46.15%     46.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      7.69%     53.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 6     46.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  251840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    14144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   252672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 15808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         36.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      36.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     6289752000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1499344.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       177856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        73984                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        14144                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 25975236.073120780289                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 10805100.000189861283                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2065680.882389238104                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2779                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1169                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          247                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     76879500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     29824000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 124044201500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27664.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25512.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 502203244.94                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2270520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1206810                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             10353000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              527220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      540268560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         324139050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2356341600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3235106760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         472.475833                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6122732500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    228540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    495864500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               5597760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2975280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             17742900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              626400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      540268560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         665253270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2069087520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3301551690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         482.179879                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5370609000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    228540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1247988000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6847137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6847137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6847137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           568041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               568041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          571304                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              571304                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           9359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               9359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9369                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9369                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    228312000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    228312000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    228886000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    228886000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       577400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           577400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       580673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          580673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24394.913987                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24394.913987                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24430.141958                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24430.141958                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4354                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4354                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    209596000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    209596000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    210150000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    210150000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22395.127685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22395.127685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22430.355427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22430.355427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9112                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          369589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              369589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          7377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              7377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    143313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    143313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       376966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          376966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19427.002847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19427.002847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    128561000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128561000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17427.273960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17427.273960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         198452                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             198452                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         1982                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             1982                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     84999000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     84999000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       200434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         200434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.009889                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.009889                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42885.469223                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42885.469223                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1982                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1982                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     81035000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81035000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.009889                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009889                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40885.469223                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40885.469223                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3263                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3263                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3273                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3273                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003055                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.003055                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003055                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003055                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6847137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.277756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  245734                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9112                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 26.968174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.277756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                590041                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               590041                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6847137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6847137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6847137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3863                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5574                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          7418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          5506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             12924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5506                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            12924                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    260415000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    137870000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    398285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    260415000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    137870000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    398285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           18498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          18498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.698670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.698670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35105.823672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25039.956411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30817.471371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35105.823672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25039.956411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30817.471371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2933                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2933                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    245579000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    126860000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    372439000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    245579000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    126860000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    372439000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.698670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.698670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33105.823672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23040.319651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28817.626122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33105.823672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23040.319651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28817.626122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     15139                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            12924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    260415000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    137870000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    398285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          18498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.698670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35105.823672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25039.956411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30817.471371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    245579000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    126860000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    372439000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.698670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33105.823672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23040.319651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28817.626122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4354                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4354                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4354                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4354                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6847137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.654087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  21599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                15139                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.426712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    35.069344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   421.955509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    48.629233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.068495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.824132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.094979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                38503                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               38503                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6847137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                18498                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               18497                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4354                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   41349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       878208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       584256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1462464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            45645000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             40268000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            46840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6847137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6847137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6847137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6847137000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10279383000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 127956                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34215532                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   222930                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    23.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              435697267                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3018832                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5259572                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010279                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10279383000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            541992                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3018832                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5259572                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      565307                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      314427                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3910864                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            87                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10279372                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10279372                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3731729                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2889995                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       475200                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       21824                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5227127                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5227127                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9964058                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4432821                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      565223                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        879571                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     314348                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22523      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4292999     81.62%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    57725      1.10%     83.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.04%     83.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.02%     83.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.04%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   564268     10.73%     94.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  308830      5.87%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.02%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5259585                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    97                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           14070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6624                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7446                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          14070                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3100                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1211                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4311                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    188222000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70993000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    259215000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    188222000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70993000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    259215000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.318799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.139887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.234536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.318799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.139887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.234536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60716.774194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58623.451693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60128.740431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60716.774194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58623.451693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60128.740431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          355                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              355                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    182022000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68571000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    250593000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    182022000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68571000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    250593000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.318799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.139887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.318799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.139887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58716.774194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56623.451693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58128.740431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58716.774194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56623.451693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58128.740431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2646                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          14070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    188222000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70993000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    259215000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.318799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.139887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.234536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60716.774194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58623.451693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60128.740431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    182022000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68571000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    250593000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.318799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.139887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58716.774194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56623.451693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58128.740431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4239                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4239                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4239                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4239                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10279383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1669.677851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              12127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2646                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.583144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   117.172152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   954.779637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   597.726062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.057213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.466201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.291858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.815272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1864                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          359                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.910156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            27130                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           27130                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10279383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3899185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3899185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3899185                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3899185                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          11679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              11679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         11679                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             11679                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    396260000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    396260000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    396260000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    396260000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3910864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3910864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3910864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3910864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33929.274767                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33929.274767                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33929.274767                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33929.274767                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         11679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    372902000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    372902000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    372902000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    372902000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31929.274767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31929.274767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31929.274767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31929.274767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      11423                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3899185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3899185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         11679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             11679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    396260000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    396260000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3910864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3910864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33929.274767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33929.274767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    372902000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    372902000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31929.274767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31929.274767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10279383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.810712                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3657656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 11423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                320.200998                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.810712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3922543                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3922543                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10279383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4311                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4311                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          355                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8977                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8977                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8977                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       298624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       298624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  298624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6086000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           22980500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10279383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          198400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           77504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              275904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       198400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         198400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        22720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            22720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4311                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           355                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 355                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           19300769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            7539752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               26840521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      19300769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          19300769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2210249                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2210249                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2210249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          19300769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           7539752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              29050771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       347.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3100.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1196.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.013673836500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            19                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            19                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                11574                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 310                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4311                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         355                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4311                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       355                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      35126500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    21480000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                115676500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8176.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26926.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3183                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      277                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4311                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   355                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1165                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     254.077253                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    169.387141                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    263.918420                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           351     30.13%     30.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          451     38.71%     68.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          127     10.90%     79.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           61      5.24%     84.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           44      3.78%     88.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           25      2.15%     90.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           23      1.97%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           14      1.20%     94.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           69      5.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1165                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           19                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      225.789474                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      95.475231                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     437.364148                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63               7     36.84%     36.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             6     31.58%     68.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            2     10.53%     78.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      5.26%     84.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      5.26%     89.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      5.26%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      5.26%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             19                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.315789                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.290700                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.945905                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 6     31.58%     31.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      5.26%     36.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                12     63.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  274944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    21056                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   275904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 22720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         26.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      26.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10120833000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2169059.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       198400                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        76544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        21056                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 19300769.316601980478                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 7446361.323437408544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2048371.969407113269                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3100                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1211                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          355                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     84880250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     30796250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 226729177500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27380.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25430.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 638673739.44                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2627520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1396560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             12616380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1002240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      811324800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         424213380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3590051040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4843231920                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         471.159788                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9329100250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    343200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    607082750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               5690580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3024615                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             18057060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              715140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      811324800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         734679840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3328605600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4902097635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         476.886369                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8644398250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    343200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1291784750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10279383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10279383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10279383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           860405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               860405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          864719                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              864719                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         15002                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             15002                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327713000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    327713000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    328287000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    328287000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       875397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           875397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       879721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          879721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21859.191569                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21859.191569                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21882.882282                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21882.882282                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            6784                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  6784                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    297731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    298285000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    298285000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19859.324973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19859.324973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19883.015598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19883.015598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14745                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          548602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              548602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         12381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             12381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    230873000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    230873000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       560983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          560983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.022070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18647.362895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18647.362895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    206111000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    206111000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16647.362895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16647.362895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         311803                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             311803                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96840000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     96840000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       314414                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         314414                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.008304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37089.237840                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37089.237840                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     91620000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91620000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008304                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008304                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35090.003830                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35090.003830                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          4314                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              4314                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4324                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          4324                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002313                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002313                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002313                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002313                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10279383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.520599                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  345155                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.408274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.520599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                894722                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               894722                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10279383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10279383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10279383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                8299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1955                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6344                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               8299                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    308434000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    181112000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    489546000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    308434000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    181112000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    489546000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           26681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          26681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.688955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.688955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31718.839984                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20918.456918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26631.813731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31718.839984                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20918.456918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26631.813731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4239                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4239                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    288986000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    163798000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    452784000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    288986000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    163798000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    452784000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29718.839984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18918.687919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24631.922533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29718.839984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18918.687919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24631.922533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     21930                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               8299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    308434000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    181112000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    489546000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          26681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.688955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31718.839984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20918.456918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26631.813731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    288986000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    163798000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    452784000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29718.839984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18918.687919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24631.922533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10279383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.772962                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  32683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                21930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.490333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    26.836226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   443.816948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    37.119788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.052415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.072500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          339                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                55907                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               55907                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10279383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                26681                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               26680                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          6784                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        36787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   60145                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1394240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       747456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2141696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            58395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             60601000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            75005000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10279383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10279383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10279383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10279383000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13402168000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 131661                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34217108                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   228568                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    30.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              441104598                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000240                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6944605                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013402                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13402168000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            711551                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000240                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6944605                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      739055                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      401388                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5156560                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13402157                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13402157                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5001413                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3934258                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       630266                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       25554                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6903149                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6903149                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13097278                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5869679                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      738942                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1140246                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     401304                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 29536      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5693157     81.98%     82.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    74912      1.08%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.03%     83.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.03%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   737987     10.63%     94.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  395786      5.70%     99.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6944618                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    97                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         7978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         9402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           17380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7978                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         9402                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          17380                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3388                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1256                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4644                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    205908000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73641000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    279549000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    205908000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73641000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    279549000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        11366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        22024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        11366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        22024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.298082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.210861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.298082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.210861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60775.678867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58631.369427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60195.736434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60775.678867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58631.369427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60195.736434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          456                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              456                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    199132000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71129000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    270261000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    199132000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71129000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    270261000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.298082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.298082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58775.678867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56631.369427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58195.736434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58775.678867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56631.369427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58195.736434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2974                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         9402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          17380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    205908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73641000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    279549000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        11366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        22024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.298082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.210861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60775.678867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58631.369427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60195.736434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    199132000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71129000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    270261000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.298082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58775.678867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56631.369427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58195.736434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5287                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5287                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5287                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5287                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13402168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1730.203404                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              15221                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2974                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.118023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   114.751983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1052.632266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   562.819156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.056031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.513981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.274814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.844826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1931                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          719                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.942871                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            32216                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           32216                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13402168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5143069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5143069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5143069                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5143069                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13491                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13491                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    447113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    447113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    447113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    447113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5156560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5156560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5156560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5156560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33141.575865                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33141.575865                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33141.575865                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33141.575865                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    420133000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    420133000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    420133000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    420133000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31141.724112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31141.724112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31141.724112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31141.724112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13234                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5143069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5143069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    447113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    447113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5156560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5156560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33141.575865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33141.575865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    420133000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    420133000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31141.724112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31141.724112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13402168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.320829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4756263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                359.397234                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.320829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5170050                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5170050                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13402168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          456                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         9744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         9744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   9744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       326400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       326400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  326400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6924000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           24743750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13402168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          216832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           80384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              297216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       216832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         216832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        29184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            29184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           456                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 456                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           16178875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            5997836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               22176711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      16178875                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          16178875                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2177558                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2177558                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2177558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          16178875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           5997836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              24354269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       448.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3388.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1240.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.013673836500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            25                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            25                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                13137                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 408                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4644                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         456                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4644                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       456                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      38158250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    23140000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                124933250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8245.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26995.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3448                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      362                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4644                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   456                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4628                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1251                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     258.916067                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    171.113347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    269.082688                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           379     30.30%     30.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          474     37.89%     68.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          137     10.95%     79.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           64      5.12%     84.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           47      3.76%     88.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           29      2.32%     90.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           27      2.16%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           20      1.60%     94.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           74      5.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1251                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      185.120000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      79.191382                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     386.341744                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              10     40.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             9     36.00%     76.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            2      8.00%     84.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      4.00%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      4.00%     92.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      4.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      4.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.320000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.294609                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.945163                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 8     32.00%     32.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      4.00%     36.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                16     64.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  296192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    27712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   297216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 29184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         22.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      22.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12604331000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2471437.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       216832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        79360                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        27712                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 16178874.940233549103                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 5921430.025351122022                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2067725.162078254623                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3388                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1256                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          456                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     92978500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     31954750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 261840294000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27443.48                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25441.68                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 574211171.05                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2870280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1525590                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             13615980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1205820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1057795440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         498426240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4726705440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6302144790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         470.233233                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12283412500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    447460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    671295500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               6061860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3221955                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             19427940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1054440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1057795440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         850826460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4429947360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6368335455                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         475.172036                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11506522250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    447460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1448185750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13402168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13402168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13402168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1115203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1115203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1121716                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1121716                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          18698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              18698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         18714                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             18714                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    393554000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    393554000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394556000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    394556000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1133901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1133901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1140430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1140430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21047.919564                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21047.919564                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21083.466923                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21083.466923                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8452                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8452                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         18698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    356158000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    356158000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    357128000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    357128000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19047.919564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19047.919564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19083.466923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19083.466923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      18458                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          716947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              716947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         15579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             15579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287067000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    287067000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       732526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          732526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18426.535721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18426.535721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    255909000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    255909000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16426.535721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16426.535721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         398256                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             398256                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3119                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3119                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    106487000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    106487000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       401375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         401375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007771                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.007771                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34141.391472                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34141.391472                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    100249000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100249000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007771                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007771                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32141.391472                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32141.391472                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          6513                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              6513                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1002000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1002000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6529                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          6529                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002451                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002451                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        62625                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        62625                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       970000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       970000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002451                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002451                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        60625                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        60625                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13402168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.098314                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  616564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 18458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 33.403619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.098314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1159144                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1159144                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13402168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13402168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13402168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               10180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2124                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8056                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              10180                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         11367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             22025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        11367                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            22025                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    346890000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    209683000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    556573000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    346890000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    209683000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    556573000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           32205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          32205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.683900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.683900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30517.286883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19673.766185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25270.056754                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30517.286883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19673.766185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25270.056754                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5287                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5287                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    324158000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    188367000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    512525000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    324158000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    188367000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    512525000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683900                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28517.462831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17673.766185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23270.147560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28517.462831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17673.766185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23270.147560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     26589                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              10180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        11367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            22025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    346890000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    209683000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    556573000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          32205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.683900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30517.286883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19673.766185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25270.056754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    324158000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    188367000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    512525000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28517.462831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17673.766185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23270.147560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8452                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8452                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8452                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8452                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13402168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.757887                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  38913                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                26589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.463500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    25.586974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   453.146821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    30.024092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.049975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.885052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.058641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                67758                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               67758                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13402168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                32205                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               32204                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8452                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        45880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        26981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   72861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1738624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       863360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2601984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            67450000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             74465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            93570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13402168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13402168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13402168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13402168000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                16652934000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 133474                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34217108                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   231565                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    37.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              444282459                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000793                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8675947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.016653                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16652934000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            888926                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000793                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8675947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      916682                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      502148                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6447063                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         16652923                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   16652923                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6248510                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4923425                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       788436                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       30414                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8625912                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8625912                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16368935                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7335170                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      916568                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1418632                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     502064                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 36016      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7118770     82.05%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    95775      1.10%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.02%     83.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.03%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   915613     10.55%     94.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  496546      5.72%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8675960                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    97                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         9636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        12063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           21699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9636                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        12063                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          21699                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3401                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1258                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4659                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206884000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    280571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206884000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    280571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        26358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        26358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.260873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.094437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.176758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.260873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.094437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.176758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60830.344016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58574.721781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60221.292123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60830.344016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58574.721781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60221.292123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          465                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              465                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    200082000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71171000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    271253000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    200082000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71171000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    271253000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.260873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.094437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.176758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.260873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.094437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.176758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58830.344016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56574.721781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58221.292123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58830.344016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56574.721781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58221.292123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2993                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        12063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          21699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206884000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73687000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    280571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        26358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.260873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.094437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.176758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60830.344016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58574.721781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60221.292123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    200082000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71171000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    271253000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.260873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.094437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.176758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58830.344016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56574.721781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58221.292123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6514                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6514                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6514                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6514                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16652934000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1769.673868                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              17651                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2993                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.897427                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   112.616486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1118.164897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   538.892485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.054989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.545979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.263131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.864099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1933                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          606                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.943848                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            37798                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           37798                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16652934000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6431600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6431600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6431600                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6431600                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          15463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              15463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         15463                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             15463                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    484345000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    484345000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    484345000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    484345000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6447063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6447063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6447063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6447063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31322.835155                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31322.835155                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31322.835155                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31322.835155                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    453419000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    453419000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    453419000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    453419000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29322.835155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29322.835155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29322.835155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29322.835155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      15207                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6431600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6431600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         15463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             15463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    484345000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    484345000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6447063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6447063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31322.835155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31322.835155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    453419000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    453419000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29322.835155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29322.835155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16652934000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.648615                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6065011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 15207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                398.830210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.648615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6462526                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6462526                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16652934000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4659                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4659                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          465                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         9783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         9783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   9783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       327936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       327936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  327936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6984000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           24824000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16652934000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          217664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           80512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              298176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       217664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         217664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        29760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            29760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3401                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4659                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           465                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 465                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           13070610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            4834704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               17905313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      13070610                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          13070610                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1787072                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1787072                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1787072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          13070610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           4834704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              19692386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       454.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3401.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1240.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.013673836500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            25                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            25                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                14006                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 408                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4659                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         465                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4659                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       465                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     11                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      38456250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    23205000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                125475000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8286.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27036.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3452                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      362                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4659                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   465                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1260                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     257.726984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    170.289862                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    268.499200                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           384     30.48%     30.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          478     37.94%     68.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          137     10.87%     79.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           64      5.08%     84.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           47      3.73%     88.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           29      2.30%     90.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           27      2.14%     92.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           20      1.59%     94.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           74      5.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1260                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      185.120000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      79.191382                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     386.341744                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              10     40.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             9     36.00%     76.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            2      8.00%     84.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      4.00%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      4.00%     92.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      4.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      4.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.320000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.294609                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.945163                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 8     32.00%     32.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      4.00%     36.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                16     64.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  297024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    27712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   298176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 29760                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         17.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      17.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    16398928000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3200415.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       217664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        79360                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        27712                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 13070609.659535069019                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 4765526.603300054558                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1664091.144539454719                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3401                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1258                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          465                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     93520250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     31954750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 261840294000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27497.87                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25401.23                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 563097406.45                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2870280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1525590                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             13615980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1205820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1314100320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         545251170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5935568160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7814137320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         469.234870                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15425758500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    555880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    671295500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               6126120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3256110                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             19520760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1054440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1314100320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         910987680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5627579520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7882624950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         473.347516                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14619494000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    555880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1477560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16652934000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16652934000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16652934000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1387545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1387545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1395192                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1395192                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23625                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23625                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    477914000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    477914000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    478916000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    478916000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1411154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1411154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1418817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1418817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20242.873480                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20242.873480                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20271.576720                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20271.576720                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10582                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10582                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    430698000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    430698000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    431668000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    431668000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18242.958194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18242.958194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18271.661376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18271.661376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      23368                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          889090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              889090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    362975000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    362975000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       909019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          909019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18213.407597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18213.407597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    323119000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    323119000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16213.507953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16213.507953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         498455                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             498455                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3680                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3680                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    114939000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    114939000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       502135                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         502135                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007329                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.007329                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31233.423913                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31233.423913                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    107579000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107579000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007329                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007329                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29233.423913                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29233.423913                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          7647                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              7647                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1002000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1002000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7663                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          7663                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002088                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002088                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        62625                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        62625                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       970000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       970000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002088                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002088                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        60625                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        60625                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16652934000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.469536                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  708107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 23368                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 30.302422                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.469536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1442441                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1442441                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16652934000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16652934000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16652934000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               12729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2426                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10303                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              12729                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             26359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13322                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            26359                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    369563000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    244344000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    613907000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    369563000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    244344000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    613907000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           39088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          39088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.674350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.674350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28347.242464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18341.390182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23290.223453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28347.242464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18341.390182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23290.223453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6514                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6514                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        26359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    343489000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    217702000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    561191000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    343489000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    217702000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    561191000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.674350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.674350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26347.242464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16341.540309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21290.299329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26347.242464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16341.540309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21290.299329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     32142                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              12729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            26359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    369563000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    244344000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    613907000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          39088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.674350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28347.242464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18341.390182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23290.223453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    343489000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    217702000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    561191000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.674350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26347.242464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16341.540309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21290.299329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10582                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10582                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10582                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10582                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16652934000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.390770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  48255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                32142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.501307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    23.100136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   461.224602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    25.066031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.045117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.900829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.048957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                82324                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               82324                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16652934000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                39088                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               39087                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10582                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        57831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        30926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   88757                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2189184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       989632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3178816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            77315000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             91998000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           118120000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16652934000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16652934000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16652934000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  16652934000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19954638000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 135939                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34217108                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   234722                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    44.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              450513272                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6021143                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10396538                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019955                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19954638000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1056067                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6021143                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10396538                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1102327                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      586216                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7767259                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19954627                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19954627                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7506737                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5993941                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       938914                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       34268                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10335045                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10335045                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19575399                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8812388                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1102185                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1688311                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     586126                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 46086      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8540488     82.15%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   114899      1.11%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.02%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.02%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1101230     10.59%     94.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  580608      5.58%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   10396551                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    97                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        12146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        14254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           26400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        12146                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        14254                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          26400                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3506                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1284                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4790                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    213001000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     75178000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    288179000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    213001000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     75178000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    288179000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        31190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        31190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.223997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.082636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.153575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.223997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.082636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.153575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60753.280091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58549.844237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60162.630480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60753.280091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58549.844237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60162.630480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          529                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              529                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    205989000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     72610000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    278599000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    205989000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     72610000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    278599000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.223997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.082636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.153575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.223997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.082636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.153575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58753.280091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56549.844237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58162.630480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58753.280091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56549.844237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58162.630480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  3181                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        12146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        14254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          26400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1284                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    213001000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     75178000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    288179000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        31190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.223997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.082636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.153575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60753.280091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58549.844237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60162.630480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    205989000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     72610000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    278599000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.223997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.082636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.153575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58753.280091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56549.844237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58162.630480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7426                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7426                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7426                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7426                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19954638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1796.697888                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              23970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             3181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             7.535366                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   111.163119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1162.423965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   523.110804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.054279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.567590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.255425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.877294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1933                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1612                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.943848                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            43730                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           43730                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19954638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7748887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7748887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7748887                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7748887                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          18372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              18372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         18372                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             18372                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    544345000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    544345000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    544345000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    544345000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7767259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7767259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7767259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7767259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29629.055084                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29629.055084                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29629.055084                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29629.055084                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         18372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    507603000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    507603000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    507603000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    507603000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27629.163945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27629.163945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27629.163945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27629.163945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      18115                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7748887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7748887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         18372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             18372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    544345000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    544345000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7767259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7767259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29629.055084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29629.055084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    507603000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    507603000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27629.163945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27629.163945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19954638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.872215                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7526234                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 18115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                415.469721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.872215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7785630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7785630                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19954638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4790                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4790                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          529                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        10109                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        10109                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  10109                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       340416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       340416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  340416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7435000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           25523000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19954638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          224384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           82176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              306560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       224384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         224384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        33856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            33856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4790                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           529                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 529                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11244704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            4118140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               15362844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11244704                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11244704                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1696648                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1696648                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1696648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11244704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           4118140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              17059493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       517.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3506.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1265.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.017005062500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            28                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            28                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                15176                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 457                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4790                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         529                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4790                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       529                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     12                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      39269750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    23855000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                128726000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8230.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26980.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3541                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      403                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4790                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   529                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4771                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     256.390244                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    169.423046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    267.260807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           404     30.79%     30.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          496     37.80%     68.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          143     10.90%     79.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           64      4.88%     84.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           48      3.66%     88.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           33      2.52%     90.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           29      2.21%     92.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           20      1.52%     94.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           75      5.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      169.750000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      73.318688                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     367.071759                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              13     46.43%     46.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             9     32.14%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            2      7.14%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      3.57%     89.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      3.57%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      3.57%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      3.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.321429                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.295936                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.944911                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 9     32.14%     32.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      3.57%     35.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                18     64.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  305344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    31040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   306560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 33856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         15.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      15.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19850895000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3732072.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       224384                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        80960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        31040                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11244704.113399600610                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 4057202.140174129046                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1555528.093268341850                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3506                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1284                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          529                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     96137500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     32588500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 421863828500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27420.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25380.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 797474155.95                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2991660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1590105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             13823040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1268460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1574707680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         608384940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7150257120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9353023005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         468.714241                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18583024250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    666120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    705493750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               6376020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3388935                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             20241900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1263240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1574707680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1002974280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6817971360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9426923415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         472.417661                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17713342500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    666120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1575175500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19954638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19954638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19954638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1650137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1650137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1661018                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1661018                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          27485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              27485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         27512                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             27512                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    545794000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    545794000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    547569000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    547569000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1677622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1677622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1688530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1688530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19857.886120                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19857.886120                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19902.915092                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19902.915092                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12281                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12281                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         27485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        27512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    490824000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    490824000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    492545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    492545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17857.886120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17857.886120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17902.915092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17902.915092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      27256                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1068072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1068072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         23347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             23347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    423435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    423435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1091419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1091419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18136.591425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18136.591425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376741000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    376741000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16136.591425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16136.591425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         582065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             582065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    122359000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    122359000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       586203                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         586203                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007059                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.007059                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29569.598840                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29569.598840                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    114083000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114083000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007059                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007059                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27569.598840                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27569.598840                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data         10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total             10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1775000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1775000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65740.740741                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65740.740741                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1721000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1721000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63740.740741                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63740.740741                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19954638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.722767                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  957060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 27256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.113736                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.722767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1716042                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1716042                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19954638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19954638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19954638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               14693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2719                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          11974                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              14693                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         15653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         15538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             31191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            31191                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    409465000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274604000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    684069000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    409465000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274604000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    684069000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           45884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          45884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.679779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.679779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26158.883281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17673.059596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21931.614889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26158.883281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17673.059596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21931.614889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7426                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7426                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    378161000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    243528000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    621689000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    378161000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    243528000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    621689000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24159.011052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15673.059596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19931.679010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24159.011052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15673.059596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19931.679010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     37885                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          11974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              14693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            31191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    409465000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274604000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    684069000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          45884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.679779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26158.883281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17673.059596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21931.614889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    378161000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    243528000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    621689000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24159.011052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15673.059596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19931.679010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19954638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.822494                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  57536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                37885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.518701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    22.421860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   465.423559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    21.977075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.043793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.909030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.042924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          312                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                96562                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               96562                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19954638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                45884                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               45883                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12281                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        67305                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        36743                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  104048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2546752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1175744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3722496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            91855000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            107289000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           137560000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19954638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19954638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19954638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19954638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23194903000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 143536                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34217108                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   248193                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    48.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              475610929                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12104029                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023195                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23194903000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1235029                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12104029                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1268759                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      699431                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9037373                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23194903                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23194903                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8715574                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             6871849                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1094132                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       40530                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12034778                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12034778                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22871421                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10244480                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1268617                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1967958                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     699341                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 52090      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9937792     82.10%     82.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   139435      1.15%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.02%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.02%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1267662     10.47%     94.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  693823      5.73%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12104042                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    97                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        14174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        17738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           31912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        14174                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        17738                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          31912                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3514                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1285                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4799                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    213513000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     75201000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    288714000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    213513000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     75201000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    288714000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        36711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        36711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.198666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.067550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.130724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.198666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.067550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.130724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60760.671599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58522.178988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60161.283601                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60760.671599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58522.178988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60161.283601                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          535                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              535                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206485000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     72631000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    279116000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206485000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     72631000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    279116000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.198666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.067550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.198666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.067550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58760.671599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56522.178988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58161.283601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58760.671599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56522.178988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58161.283601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  3197                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        14174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        17738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          31912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    213513000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     75201000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    288714000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        36711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.198666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.067550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.130724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60760.671599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58522.178988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60161.283601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206485000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     72631000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279116000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.198666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.067550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58760.671599                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56522.178988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58161.283601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8962                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8962                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8962                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8962                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23194903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1815.738923                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              45673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             5130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             8.903119                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   110.110058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1194.013428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   511.615438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.053765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.583014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.249812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.886591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1933                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1830                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.943848                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            50803                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           50803                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23194903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9016750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9016750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9016750                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9016750                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          20623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              20623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         20623                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             20623                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    586769000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    586769000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    586769000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    586769000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9037373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9037373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9037373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9037373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28452.165058                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28452.165058                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28452.165058                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28452.165058                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         20623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    545523000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    545523000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    545523000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    545523000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26452.165058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26452.165058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26452.165058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26452.165058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20367                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9016750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9016750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         20623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             20623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    586769000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    586769000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9037373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9037373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28452.165058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28452.165058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    545523000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    545523000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26452.165058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26452.165058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23194903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.029764                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9037373                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                438.218154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.029764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9057996                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9057996                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23194903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4799                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4799                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          535                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        10133                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        10133                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  10133                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       341376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       341376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  341376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7474000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           25570750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23194903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          224896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           82240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              307136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       224896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         224896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        34240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            34240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1285                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4799                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           535                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 535                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            9695923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            3545607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               13241530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       9695923                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           9695923                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1476186                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1476186                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1476186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           9695923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           3545607                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              14717716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       523.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3514.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1265.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.017005062500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            29                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            29                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                16029                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 474                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4799                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         535                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4799                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       535                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     12                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      39365000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    23895000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                128971250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8237.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26987.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3546                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      419                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4799                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   535                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4779                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     256.826748                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    169.736675                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    267.465122                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           404     30.70%     30.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          497     37.77%     68.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          145     11.02%     79.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           64      4.86%     84.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           48      3.65%     87.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           33      2.51%     90.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           29      2.20%     92.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           21      1.60%     94.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           75      5.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      164.620690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      70.224832                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     361.514119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              14     48.28%     48.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             9     31.03%     79.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            2      6.90%     86.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      3.45%     89.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      3.45%     93.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      3.45%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      3.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.344828                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.319749                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.936401                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 9     31.03%     31.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      3.45%     34.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                19     65.52%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  305856                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    32192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   307136                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 34240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         13.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      13.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    23191941000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     4347945.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       224896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        80960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        32192                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 9695923.281076019630                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 3490422.012111885007                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1387891.124183619162                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3514                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1285                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          535                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     96382750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     32588500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 439454016500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27428.22                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25360.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 821409376.64                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2998800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1593900                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             13837320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1268460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1830397920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         656272350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8354192640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10860561390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         468.230516                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21712539000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    774280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    708084000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               6404580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3400320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             20284740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1357200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1830397920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1054086180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        8019191520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10935122460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         471.445061                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20835787000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    774280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1584836000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23194903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23194903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23194903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1923430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1923430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1934311                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1934311                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          33839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              33839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         33866                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             33866                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    655096000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    655096000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    656871000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    656871000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1957269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1957269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1968177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1968177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19359.200922                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19359.200922                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19396.179059                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19396.179059                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         33839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        33866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    587418000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    587418000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    589139000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    589139000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17359.200922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17359.200922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17396.179059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17396.179059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      33610                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1228855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1228855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         28996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             28996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    522129000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    522129000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1257851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1257851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.023052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18006.931991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18006.931991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    464137000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    464137000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16006.931991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16006.931991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         694575                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             694575                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4843                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4843                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    132967000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    132967000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       699418                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         699418                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006924                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.006924                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27455.502788                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27455.502788                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    123281000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123281000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006924                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006924                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25455.502788                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25455.502788                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data         10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total             10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1775000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1775000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65740.740741                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65740.740741                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1721000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1721000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63740.740741                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63740.740741                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23194903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.901193                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1968177                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 33866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 58.116607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.901193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2002043                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2002043                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23194903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23194903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23194903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           14843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2935                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          14843                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17778                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         17688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         19023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             36711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            36711                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    436429000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    319930000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    756359000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    436429000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    319930000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    756359000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           54489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          54489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.673732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.673732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24673.733605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16818.062346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20603.061753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24673.733605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16818.062346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20603.061753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8962                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8962                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    401053000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    281884000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    682937000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    401053000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    281884000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    682937000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22673.733605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14818.062346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18603.061753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22673.733605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14818.062346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18603.061753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     44939                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          14843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            36711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    436429000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    319930000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    756359000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          54489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.673732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24673.733605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16818.062346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20603.061753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    401053000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    281884000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    682937000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22673.733605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14818.062346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18603.061753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23194903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.126686                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  69508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                45451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.529295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    22.047068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   468.304120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    19.775498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.043061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.914656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.038624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               114959                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              114959                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23194903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                54489                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               54489                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82751                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  123997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3128640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1319872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4448512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           103115000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            129584000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           169330000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23194903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23194903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23194903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23194903000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
