
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4837633000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 199859                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1290872                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   391523                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     5.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              965236388                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1001615                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1962240                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004838                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4837633000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            219593                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1001615                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1962240                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      183789                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            34                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      130488                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            88                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1332407                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            88                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4837622                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4837622                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1246352                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              642391                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       168188                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  83572                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         83572                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               124680                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               65241                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       28436                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1901556                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1901556                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3676337                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1565301                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      182966                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        313344                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     130378                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 15545      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1561112     79.56%     80.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1606      0.08%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     13111      0.67%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1142      0.06%     81.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      504      0.03%     81.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    16729      0.85%     82.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     82.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13512      0.69%     82.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   15880      0.81%     83.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    848      0.04%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                4055      0.21%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1622      0.08%     83.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               2433      0.12%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                811      0.04%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   161176      8.21%     92.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  126788      6.46%     98.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               21790      1.11%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               3590      0.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1962254                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    33                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1303797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1303797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1303797                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1303797                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          28610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              28610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         28610                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             28610                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1177609000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1177609000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1177609000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1177609000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1332407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1332407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41160.747990                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41160.747990                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41160.747990                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41160.747990                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         28610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1120391000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1120391000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1120391000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1120391000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39160.817896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39160.817896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39160.817896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39160.817896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28353                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1303797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1303797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         28610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             28610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1177609000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1177609000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1332407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41160.747990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41160.747990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1120391000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1120391000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39160.817896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39160.817896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.694293                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1092047                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 38.516101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.694293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.983181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1361016                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1361016                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               17023                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              17023                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3893                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        37939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        37939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  37939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1338624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1338624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1338624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            36488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           90986750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          801152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          288320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1089472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       801152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         801152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       249152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           249152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            12518                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4505                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                17023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3893                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3893                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          165608263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           59599395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              225207658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     165608263                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         165608263                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        51502873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              51502873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        51502873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         165608263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          59599395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             276710532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3612.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     12518.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4352.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001000780500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           209                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           209                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                38743                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3385                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        17023                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3893                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      17023                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3893                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     153                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    281                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     159806750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    84350000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                476119250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9472.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28222.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11444                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2981                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  67.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  17023                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3893                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    16870                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6031                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     217.075775                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    142.979083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    238.982163                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2524     41.85%     41.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1715     28.44%     70.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          801     13.28%     83.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          311      5.16%     88.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          228      3.78%     92.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           75      1.24%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           56      0.93%     94.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           64      1.06%     95.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          257      4.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6031                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          209                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       79.090909                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      30.620538                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     168.413172                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             166     79.43%     79.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            19      9.09%     88.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            3      1.44%     89.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      0.96%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      1.91%     92.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            4      1.91%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            3      1.44%     96.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            2      0.96%     97.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            1      0.48%     97.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.48%     98.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      0.48%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            1      0.48%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.48%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.48%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            209                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          209                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.157895                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.123113                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.095861                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                95     45.45%     45.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               102     48.80%     94.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                10      4.78%     99.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.96%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            209                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1079680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     9792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   229504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1089472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                249152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        223.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         47.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     225.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      51.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4831160000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      230979.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       801152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       278528                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       229504                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 165608263.380045562983                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 57575264.597376443446                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 47441383.006937481463                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        12518                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4505                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3893                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    355778750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    120340500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 110710431000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28421.37                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26712.65                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  28438333.16                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     70.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              23183580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              12322365                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             66387720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             8795700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      381691440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1802587380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         339683040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2634651225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         544.615771                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    866784000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    161460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3809389000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              19877760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10565280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             54064080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             9923220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      381691440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1803843660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         338625120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2618590560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         541.295828                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    863596000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    161460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3812577000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           307382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               307382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          307386                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              307386                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6877                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6877                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    358038000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    358038000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363487000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    363487000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       314182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           314182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       314263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          314263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52652.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52652.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52855.460230                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52855.460230                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4964                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4964                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6877                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6877                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    344438000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    344438000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    349733000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    349733000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50652.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50652.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50855.460230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50855.460230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6621                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          181679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              181679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     83774000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83774000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       183708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          183708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41288.319369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41288.319369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     79716000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79716000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39288.319369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39288.319369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         125703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             125703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4771                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4771                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274264000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    274264000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       130474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         130474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036567                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.036567                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57485.642423                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57485.642423                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4771                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4771                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264722000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    264722000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036567                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036567                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55485.642423                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55485.642423                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5449000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5449000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           81                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            81                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.950617                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.950617                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70766.233766                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70766.233766                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5295000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5295000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.950617                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.950617                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68766.233766                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68766.233766                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               250.438647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  295704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6621                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 44.661531                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   250.438647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.978276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.978276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                321140                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               321140                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           16091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          16091                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2372                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18463                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         12519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             17024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        12519                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4505                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            17024                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    860937000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300464000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1161401000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    860937000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300464000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1161401000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        28610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           35487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        28610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          35487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.437574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.655082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.479725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.437574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.655082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.479725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68770.428948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66695.671476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68221.393327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68770.428948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66695.671476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68221.393327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3893                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3893                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        17024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    835901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291454000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1127355000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    835901000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291454000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1127355000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.437574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.655082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.479725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.437574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.655082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.479725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66770.588705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64695.671476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66221.510808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66770.588705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64695.671476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66221.510808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     18650                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          16091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        12519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            17024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    860937000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300464000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1161401000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        28610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          35487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.437574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.655082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.479725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68770.428948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66695.671476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68221.393327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    835901000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291454000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1127355000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.437574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.655082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.479725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66770.588705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64695.671476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66221.510808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4964                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4964                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4964                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4964                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.261065                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  33464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                18650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.794316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    74.846307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   185.480919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   242.933840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.146184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.362267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.474480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.982932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          289                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                59613                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               59613                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                35487                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               35486                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4964                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        57219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   75937                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       757824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1830976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2588800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           143045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             60307000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            34385000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4837633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 9651259000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 201161                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1291408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   398564                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              970662957                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000071                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3962866                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.009651                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  9651259000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            444726                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000071                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3962866                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      376372                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            34                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      248068                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           106                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2651804                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            88                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          9651248                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    9651248                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2536942                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1281196                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       337769                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 194066                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        194066                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               290122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              151891                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       58484                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3823500                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3823500                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7394287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3159459                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      374543                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        622359                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     247816                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 34694      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3139996     79.24%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2867      0.07%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     30057      0.76%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2598      0.07%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1156      0.03%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    37140      0.94%     81.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    30544      0.77%     82.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   35853      0.90%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1953      0.05%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               10760      0.27%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                4304      0.11%     84.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               6456      0.16%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2152      0.05%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   323056      8.15%     92.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  239607      6.05%     98.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51487      1.30%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               8209      0.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3962889                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2587920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2587920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2587920                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2587920                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          63884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              63884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         63884                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             63884                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2566152000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2566152000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2566152000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2566152000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2651804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2651804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2651804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2651804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.024091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.024091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40168.931188                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40168.931188                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40168.931188                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40168.931188                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        63884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         63884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        63884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2438386000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2438386000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2438386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2438386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38168.962495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38168.962495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38168.962495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38168.962495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      63627                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2587920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2587920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         63884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             63884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2566152000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2566152000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2651804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2651804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40168.931188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40168.931188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        63884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2438386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2438386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38168.962495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38168.962495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.841791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2152459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 63627                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.829333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.841791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2715687                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2715687                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               32971                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              32971                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        71074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        71074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  71074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2438592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      2438592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2438592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            58631000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          176351250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1725952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          384192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2110144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1725952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1725952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       328448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           328448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            26968                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                32971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5132                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5132                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          178831798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           39807449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              218639247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     178831798                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         178831798                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        34031622                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              34031622                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        34031622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         178831798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          39807449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             252670869                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4572.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     26968.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5699.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001353228500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           264                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           264                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                72774                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4297                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        32971                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5132                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      32971                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5132                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     304                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    560                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               3716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               3826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              6810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              4947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     312512500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   163335000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                925018750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9566.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28316.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     21695                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3766                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  32971                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5132                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    32667                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        11748                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     202.677562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    136.402173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    222.405199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5080     43.24%     43.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3438     29.26%     72.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1471     12.52%     85.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          610      5.19%     90.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          450      3.83%     94.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          118      1.00%     95.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           79      0.67%     95.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          109      0.93%     96.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          393      3.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         11748                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          264                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      121.746212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      41.965821                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     231.084762                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             187     70.83%     70.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            30     11.36%     82.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            5      1.89%     84.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            3      1.14%     85.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            5      1.89%     87.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            3      1.14%     88.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            6      2.27%     90.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            4      1.52%     92.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            4      1.52%     93.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            3      1.14%     94.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            3      1.14%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            2      0.76%     96.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      0.38%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            1      0.38%     97.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            3      1.14%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            2      0.76%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.38%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.38%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            264                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          264                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.227273                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.192384                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.096770                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               112     42.42%     42.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.38%     42.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               132     50.00%     92.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                17      6.44%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.76%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            264                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2090688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    19456                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   291072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2110144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                328448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        216.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         30.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     218.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      34.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     9649832000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      253256.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1725952                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       364736                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       291072                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 178831798.006871432066                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 37791546.159936226904                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 30158966.824949987233                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        26968                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6003                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5132                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    762002750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    163016000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 226897632750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28255.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27155.76                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  44212321.27                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              44403660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              23589720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            129069780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             9270720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      761538960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3498025020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         760378560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5226276420                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         541.512400                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1945360500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    322140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7383758500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              39519900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              20993940                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            104172600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            14469840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      761538960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3592186170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         681084960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5213966370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         540.236913                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1737595500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    322140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7591523500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           613237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               613237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          613245                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              613245                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          11095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              11095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         11172                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             11172                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    511175000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    511175000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    516624000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    516624000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       624332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           624332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       624417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          624417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46072.555205                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46072.555205                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46242.749731                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46242.749731                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7281                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7281                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         11095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    488985000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    488985000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    494280000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    494280000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44072.555205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44072.555205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44242.749731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44242.749731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      10916                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          372127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              372127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    159141000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    159141000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       376287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          376287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38255.048077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38255.048077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    150821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36255.048077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36255.048077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         241110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             241110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6935                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6935                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    352034000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    352034000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       248045                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         248045                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027959                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.027959                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50761.932228                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50761.932228                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6935                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6935                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    338164000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    338164000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027959                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027959                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48761.932228                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48761.932228                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5449000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5449000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           85                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            85                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.905882                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.905882                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70766.233766                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70766.233766                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5295000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5295000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.905882                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.905882                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68766.233766                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68766.233766                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.212407                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  605722                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 10916                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 55.489373                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.212407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                635589                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               635589                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           36915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               42084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          36915                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5169                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              42084                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             32972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26969                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6003                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            32972                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1850225000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    402119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2252344000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1850225000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    402119000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2252344000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        63884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        11172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           75056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        63884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        11172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          75056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.422156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.537325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.439299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.422156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.537325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.439299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68605.621269                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66986.340163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68310.809171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68605.621269                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66986.340163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68310.809171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5132                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5132                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1796289000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    390113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2186402000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1796289000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    390113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2186402000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.422156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.537325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.422156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.537325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66605.695428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64986.340163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66310.869829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66605.695428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64986.340163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66310.869829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     35550                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          36915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              42084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            32972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1850225000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    402119000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2252344000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        63884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          75056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.422156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.537325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.439299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68605.621269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66986.340163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68310.809171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1796289000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    390113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2186402000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.422156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.537325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66605.695428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64986.340163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66310.869829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7281                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7281                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7281                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7281                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.619664                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  76244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                35550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.144698                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    95.877443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   187.854922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   223.887299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.187261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.366904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.437280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               118399                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              118399                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                75056                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               75055                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7281                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        29625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       127767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  157392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1180992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4088512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5269504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           319415000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            111461000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            55860000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9651259000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14467696000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 202935                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1291408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   403453                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    14.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              978613444                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000072                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5964562                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014468                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14467696000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            669813                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000072                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5964562                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      569404                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            35                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      366230                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           124                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3973366                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14467685                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14467685                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3827874                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1920226                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       507329                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 304914                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        304914                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               455960                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              238801                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       88560                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5746482                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5746482                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11115256                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4753514                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      566575                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        932412                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     365837                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 53758      0.90%      0.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4719149     79.12%     80.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4128      0.07%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     46839      0.79%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4041      0.07%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1802      0.03%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    57562      0.97%     81.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    47460      0.80%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   55672      0.93%     83.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   3040      0.05%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               17605      0.30%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                7042      0.12%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              10563      0.18%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               3521      0.06%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   485187      8.13%     92.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  352859      5.92%     98.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               81388      1.36%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              12978      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5964594                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3874346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3874346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3874346                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3874346                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          99020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              99020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         99020                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             99020                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3948056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3948056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3948056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3948056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3973366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3973366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3973366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3973366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.024921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.024921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39871.298728                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39871.298728                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39871.298728                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39871.298728                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         99020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3750018000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3750018000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3750018000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3750018000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37871.318925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37871.318925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37871.318925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37871.318925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      98763                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3874346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3874346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         99020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             99020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3948056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3948056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3973366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3973366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39871.298728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39871.298728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        99020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3750018000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3750018000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37871.318925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37871.318925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.560280                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3246527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 98763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.871895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.560280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4072385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4072385                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               48919                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              48919                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6427                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       104265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       104265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 104265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3542144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3542144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3542144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            81054000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          261666000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         2647488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          483328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3130816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2647488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        2647488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       411328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           411328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            41367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                48919                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6427                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6427                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          182993063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           33407393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              216400455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     182993063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         182993063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        28430788                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              28430788                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        28430788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         182993063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          33407393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             244831243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5604.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     41367.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7109.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001353228500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           325                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           325                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               106890                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5270                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        48919                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6427                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      48919                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6427                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     443                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    823                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               5487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               5969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             10471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              7521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     463011000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   242380000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1371936000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9551.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28301.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     32065                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4607                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  48919                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6427                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    48476                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        17386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     198.994133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    134.832167                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    217.381046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7581     43.60%     43.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5103     29.35%     72.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2141     12.31%     85.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          935      5.38%     90.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          670      3.85%     94.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          165      0.95%     95.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          107      0.62%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          134      0.77%     96.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          550      3.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         17386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          325                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      147.156923                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      51.880456                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     251.303042                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             209     64.31%     64.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            47     14.46%     78.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            6      1.85%     80.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            3      0.92%     81.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      1.85%     83.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            6      1.85%     85.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            9      2.77%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            6      1.85%     89.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            5      1.54%     91.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            4      1.23%     92.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            4      1.23%     93.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            3      0.92%     94.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            4      1.23%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            4      1.23%     97.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            4      1.23%     98.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            2      0.62%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            2      0.62%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.31%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            325                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          325                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.175385                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.141392                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.081556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               143     44.00%     44.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      0.92%     44.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               160     49.23%     94.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                17      5.23%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.62%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            325                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3102464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    28352                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   357248                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3130816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                411328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        214.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         24.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     216.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      28.43                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14463461000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      261328.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      2647488                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       454976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       357248                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 182993062.613425105810                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 31447716.346818454564                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 24692805.267680492252                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        41367                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7552                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6427                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1165302750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    206633250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 346463771250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28169.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27361.39                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  53907541.82                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     67.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              66052140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              35107545                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            194293680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10450440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1142001120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5281522530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1107997440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7837424895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         541.718937                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2833234500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    483080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11151381500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              58083900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              30872325                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            151824960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            18687600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1142001120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5382370350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1023072960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7806913215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         539.609985                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2610202000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    483080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11374414000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           920082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               920082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          920094                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              920094                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          15431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              15431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         15508                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             15508                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    667527000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    667527000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    672976000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    672976000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       935513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           935513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       935602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          935602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43258.829629                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43258.829629                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43395.408821                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43395.408821                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9618                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9618                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    636665000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    636665000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    641960000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    641960000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41258.829629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41258.829629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41395.408821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41395.408821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      15252                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          563005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              563005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    237863000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    237863000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       569315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          569315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37696.196513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37696.196513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    225243000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225243000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35696.196513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35696.196513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         357077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             357077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9121                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9121                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    429664000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    429664000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       366198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         366198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024907                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.024907                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47107.115448                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47107.115448                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    411422000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    411422000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024907                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024907                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45107.115448                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45107.115448                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            12                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                12                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5449000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5449000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           89                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            89                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.865169                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.865169                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70766.233766                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70766.233766                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5295000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5295000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.865169                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.865169                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68766.233766                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68766.233766                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.140424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  901985                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 15252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 59.138801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.140424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                951110                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               951110                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           57652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               65608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          57652                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7956                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              65608                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         41368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        41368                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7552                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48920                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2834513000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    506857000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3341370000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2834513000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    506857000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3341370000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        99020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          114528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        99020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         114528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.417774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.486974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.427144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.417774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.486974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.427144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68519.459486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67115.598517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68302.739166                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68519.459486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67115.598517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68302.739166                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6427                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6427                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2751779000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    491753000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3243532000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2751779000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    491753000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3243532000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.417774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.486974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.417774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.486974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66519.507832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65115.598517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66302.780049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66519.507832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65115.598517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66302.780049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     52388                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          57652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              65608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        41368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2834513000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    506857000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3341370000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        99020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         114528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.417774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.486974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.427144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68519.459486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67115.598517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68302.739166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2751779000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    491753000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3243532000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.417774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.486974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66519.507832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65115.598517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66302.780049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9618                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9618                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9618                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9618                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.077920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 117263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                52388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.238356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    95.085262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   188.070545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   225.922114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.185713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.367325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.441254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          263                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               177046                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              177046                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               114528                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              114527                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9618                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       198039                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  238673                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1608064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6337216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7945280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           495095000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            162618000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            77540000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14467696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18472534000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 198110                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1291540                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   394567                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    20.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              914658778                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4001008                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7968700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018473                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18472534000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            895211                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4001008                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7968700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      762398                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            35                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      484537                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           144                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5296348                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18472523                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18472523                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5121088                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2560461                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       677174                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 415602                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        415602                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               621486                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              325540                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      118655                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7671941                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7671941                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14840620                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6349932                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      758570                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1242571                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     484001                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 72905      0.91%      0.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6300514     79.07%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5384      0.07%     80.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     63713      0.80%     80.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5490      0.07%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     2450      0.03%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    78029      0.98%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    64452      0.81%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   75600      0.95%     83.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   4130      0.05%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               24320      0.31%     84.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9728      0.12%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              14592      0.18%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               4864      0.06%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   647390      8.12%     92.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  466265      5.85%     98.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              111180      1.40%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              17736      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7968742                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    38                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        14210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           15004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        14210                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          794                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          15004                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data          794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          1075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          281                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data          794                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         1075                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     17102000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     48098000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total     65200000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     17102000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     48098000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total     65200000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        14491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         1588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        16079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        14491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         1588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        16079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.066857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.066857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60861.209964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60576.826196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60651.162791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60861.209964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60576.826196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60651.162791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         1075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         1075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     16540000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     46510000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63050000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     16540000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     46510000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63050000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58861.209964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58576.826196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58651.162791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58861.209964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58576.826196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58651.162791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        14210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          15004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         1075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     17102000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     48098000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     65200000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        14491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        16079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60861.209964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60576.826196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60651.162791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     16540000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     46510000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63050000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.019391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58861.209964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58576.826196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58651.162791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1356                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1356                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1356                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1356                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18472534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          196.487694                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      14467760000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    54.555424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    51.232015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    90.700256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.000692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.001499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.011139                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            18895                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           18895                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18472534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5162082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5162082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5162082                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5162082                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         134266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             134266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        134266                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            134266                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4551431000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4551431000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4551431000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4551431000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5296348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5296348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5296348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5296348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33898.611711                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33898.611711                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33898.611711                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33898.611711                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       134266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        134266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       134266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       134266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4282901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4282901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4282901000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4282901000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31898.626607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31898.626607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31898.626607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31898.626607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     134009                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5162082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5162082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        134266                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            134266                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4551431000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4551431000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5296348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5296348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33898.611711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33898.611711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       134266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       134266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4282901000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4282901000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31898.626607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31898.626607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18472534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.872411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4317914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                134009                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.221075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.872411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5430613                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5430613                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18472534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               49994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              49994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6427                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       104265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       104265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         2150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         2150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 106415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3542144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3542144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        68800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        68800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3610944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            82129000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            5739000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          261666000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18472534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         2665472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          534144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3199616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2665472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        2665472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       411328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           411328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            41648                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             8346                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                49994                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6427                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6427                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          144293793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           28915578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              173209371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     144293793                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         144293793                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        22267005                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              22267005                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        22267005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         144293793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          28915578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             195476376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5604.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     41648.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001353228500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           325                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           325                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               110066                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5270                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        49994                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6427                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      49994                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6427                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     444                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    823                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               5540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             10587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              7726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     472244500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   247750000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1401307000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9530.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28280.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     32770                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4607                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  49994                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6427                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    49550                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        17755                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     198.729823                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    134.297300                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    218.225935                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7815     44.02%     44.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5171     29.12%     73.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2158     12.15%     85.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          943      5.31%     90.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          678      3.82%     94.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          171      0.96%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          113      0.64%     96.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          137      0.77%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          569      3.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         17755                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          325                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      147.156923                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      51.880456                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     251.303042                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             209     64.31%     64.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            47     14.46%     78.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            6      1.85%     80.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            3      0.92%     81.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      1.85%     83.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            6      1.85%     85.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            9      2.77%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            6      1.85%     89.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            5      1.54%     91.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            4      1.23%     92.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            4      1.23%     93.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            3      0.92%     94.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            4      1.23%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            4      1.23%     97.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            4      1.23%     98.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            2      0.62%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            2      0.62%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.31%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            325                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          325                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.175385                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.141392                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.081556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               143     44.00%     44.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      0.92%     44.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               160     49.23%     94.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                17      5.23%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.62%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            325                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3171200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    28416                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   357248                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3199616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                411328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        171.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         19.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     173.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      22.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18412154000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      326335.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      2665472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       505728                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       357248                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 144293793.152579933405                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 27377294.311652101576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 19339414.938957482576                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        41648                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         8346                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6427                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1173028750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    228278250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 346463771250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28165.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27351.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  53907541.82                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     67.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              67915680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              36098040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            200398380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10450440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1457926080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5731441770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2266976160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9771206550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         528.958645                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5841554000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    616720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12014260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              58855020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              31282185                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            153388620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            18687600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1457926080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5568808230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2403930720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9692878455                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         524.718398                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6198164000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    616720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11657650000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18472534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18472534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18472534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1226909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1226909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1226924                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1226924                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          19891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              19891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         19969                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             19969                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    787824000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    787824000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    793288000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    793288000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1246800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1246800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1246893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1246893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39607.058469                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39607.058469                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39725.975262                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39725.975262                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12056                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12056                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    748042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    748042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    753350000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    753350000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015954                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015954                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37607.058469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37607.058469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37725.975262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37725.975262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      19713                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          753799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              753799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    286034000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    286034000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       762305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          762305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33627.321890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33627.321890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    269022000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    269022000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31627.321890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31627.321890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         473110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             473110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        11385                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            11385                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    501790000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    501790000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       484495                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         484495                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023499                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.023499                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44074.659640                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44074.659640                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    479020000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    479020000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023499                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023499                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42074.659640                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42074.659640                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            15                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                15                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5464000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5464000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           93                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            93                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838710                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.838710                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70051.282051                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70051.282051                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5308000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5308000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838710                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.838710                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68051.282051                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68051.282051                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18472534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.543579                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1210371                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 19713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 61.399635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.543579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1266862                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1266862                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18472534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18472534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18472534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           78407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               89236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          78407                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10829                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              89236                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         55859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          9140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             64999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        55859                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            64999                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3039436000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    574011000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3613447000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3039436000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    574011000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3613447000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       134266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        19969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          154235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       134266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        19969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         154235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.416032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.457709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.421428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.416032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.457709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.421428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54412.646127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62802.078775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55592.347575                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54412.646127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62802.078775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55592.347575                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7783                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7783                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2927720000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    555731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3483451000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2927720000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    555731000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3483451000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.416032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.457709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.421428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.416032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.457709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.421428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52412.681931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60802.078775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53592.378344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52412.681931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60802.078775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53592.378344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     69406                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          78407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              89236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        55859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            64999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3039436000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    574011000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3613447000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       134266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        19969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         154235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.416032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.457709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.421428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54412.646127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62802.078775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55592.347575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2927720000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    555731000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3483451000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.416032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.457709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.421428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52412.681931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60802.078775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53592.378344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18472534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.711426                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 161974                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                69406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.333718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    89.501891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   188.005754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   232.203781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.174808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.367199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.453523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               236209                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              236209                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18472534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               154235                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              154234                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12056                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        51994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       268531                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  320525                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2049600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8592960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10642560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           671325000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            214515000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            99845000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18472534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18472534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18472534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18472534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                22468671000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 199519                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1291672                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   397942                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    25.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              896574214                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9972629                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.022469                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 22468671000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1120249                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9972629                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      954062                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            35                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      604545                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           173                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6617355                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         22468671                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   22468671                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6413232                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3199856                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       846617                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 522618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        522618                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               781027                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              409117                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      149096                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9599305                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9599305                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18570074                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7947730                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      949232                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1553093                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     603861                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 92040      0.92%      0.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7883708     79.05%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     6638      0.07%     80.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     80244      0.80%     80.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    6932      0.07%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     3158      0.03%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    98772      0.99%     81.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    81672      0.82%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   95725      0.96%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5176      0.05%     83.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               29785      0.30%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               11914      0.12%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              17871      0.18%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               5957      0.06%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   809789      8.12%     92.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  581497      5.83%     98.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              139443      1.40%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              22364      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9972685                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    45                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        29225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           31108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        29225                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1883                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          31108                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          1852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          410                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1442                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         1852                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     25064000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     85796000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    110860000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     25064000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     85796000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    110860000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        32960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        32960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61131.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59497.919556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59859.611231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61131.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59497.919556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59859.611231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         1852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         1852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24244000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     82912000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107156000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24244000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     82912000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107156000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59131.707317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57497.919556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57859.611231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59131.707317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57497.919556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57859.611231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        29225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          31108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          410                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         1852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     25064000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     85796000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    110860000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        32960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.056189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61131.707317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59497.919556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59859.611231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24244000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     82912000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107156000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59131.707317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57497.919556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57859.611231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2868                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2868                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2868                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2868                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22468671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          490.738035                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              35828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            16.016093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      14467760000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   113.326225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   104.424723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   272.987087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.002083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.003744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.017067                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            38065                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           38065                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22468671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6447146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6447146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6447146                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6447146                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         170209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             170209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        170209                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            170209                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5159111000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5159111000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5159111000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5159111000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6617355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6617355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6617355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6617355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30310.447744                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30310.447744                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30310.447744                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30310.447744                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       170209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        170209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       170209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       170209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4818693000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4818693000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4818693000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4818693000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28310.447744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28310.447744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28310.447744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28310.447744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     169953                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6447146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6447146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        170209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            170209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5159111000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5159111000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6617355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6617355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30310.447744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30310.447744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       170209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       170209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4818693000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4818693000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28310.447744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28310.447744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22468671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.072957                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6617355                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                170209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 38.877821                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.072957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6787564                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6787564                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22468671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               50771                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              50771                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6427                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       104265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       104265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         3704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         3704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 107969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3542144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3542144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       118528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       118528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3660672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            82906000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            9863500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          261666000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22468671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         2673728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          575616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3249344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2673728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        2673728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       411328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           411328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            41777                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             8994                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                50771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6427                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6427                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          118998048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           25618605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              144616653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     118998048                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         118998048                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        18306735                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              18306735                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        18306735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         118998048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          25618605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             162923388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5604.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     41777.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      8550.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001353228500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           325                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           325                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               112646                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5270                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        50771                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6427                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      50771                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6427                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     444                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    823                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               5639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             10612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              7741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     477455250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   251635000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1421086500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9487.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28237.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     33380                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4607                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  50771                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6427                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    50327                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        17922                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     199.652717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    134.714922                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    219.390846                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7870     43.91%     43.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5217     29.11%     73.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2180     12.16%     85.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          957      5.34%     90.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          681      3.80%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          174      0.97%     95.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          119      0.66%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          139      0.78%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          585      3.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         17922                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          325                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      147.156923                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      51.880456                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     251.303042                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             209     64.31%     64.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            47     14.46%     78.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            6      1.85%     80.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            3      0.92%     81.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      1.85%     83.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            6      1.85%     85.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            9      2.77%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            6      1.85%     89.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            5      1.54%     91.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            4      1.23%     92.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            4      1.23%     93.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            3      0.92%     94.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            4      1.23%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            4      1.23%     97.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            4      1.23%     98.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            2      0.62%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            2      0.62%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.31%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            325                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          325                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.175385                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.141392                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.081556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               143     44.00%     44.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      0.92%     44.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               160     49.23%     94.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                17      5.23%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.62%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            325                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3220928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    28416                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   357248                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3249344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                411328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        143.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         15.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     144.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      18.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    22248193000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      388968.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      2673728                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       547200                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       357248                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 118998048.438200905919                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 24353910.384819824249                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 15899827.809130322188                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        41777                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         8994                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6427                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1176687500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    244399000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 346463771250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28165.92                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27173.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  53907541.82                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     67.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              68172720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              36234660                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            200948160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10450440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1773236400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5819006310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3727753920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11635802610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         517.867862                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9638384000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    750100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12080187000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              59790360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              31779330                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            158386620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            18687600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1773236400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5797911750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3745517760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11585309820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         515.620609                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9683731750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    750100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12034839250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22468671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22468671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22468671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1534124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1534124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1534143                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1534143                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          24330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              24330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         24408                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             24408                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    898280000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    898280000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    903744000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    903744000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1558454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1558454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1558551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1558551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36920.674065                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36920.674065                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37026.548673                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37026.548673                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           14541                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 14541                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         24330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    849620000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    849620000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    854928000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    854928000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34920.674065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34920.674065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35026.548673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35026.548673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      24152                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          943285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              943285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         10680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             10680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    324512000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    324512000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       953965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          953965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30385.018727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30385.018727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    303152000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    303152000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28385.018727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28385.018727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         590839                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             590839                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13650                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13650                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    573768000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    573768000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       604489                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         604489                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022581                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.022581                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42034.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42034.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    546468000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    546468000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022581                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022581                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40034.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40034.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            19                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                19                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5464000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5464000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           97                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            97                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804124                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.804124                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70051.282051                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70051.282051                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5308000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5308000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804124                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.804124                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68051.282051                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68051.282051                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22468671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.802609                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1558551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 24408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 63.854105                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.802609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1582959                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1582959                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22468671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22468671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22468671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           99207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              112738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          99207                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13531                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             112738                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         71002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             81879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        71002                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10877                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            81879                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3244012000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    632994000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3877006000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3244012000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    632994000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3877006000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       170209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          194617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       170209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         194617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.417146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.420719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.417146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.420719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45689.022844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58195.642181                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47350.431735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45689.022844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58195.642181                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47350.431735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9295                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9295                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        71002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        71002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10877                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3102008000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    611240000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3713248000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3102008000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    611240000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3713248000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.417146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.420719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.417146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.420719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43689.022844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56195.642181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45350.431735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43689.022844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56195.642181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45350.431735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     87370                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          99207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             112738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        71002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            81879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3244012000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    632994000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3877006000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       170209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         194617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.417146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.420719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45689.022844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58195.642181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47350.431735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        71002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3102008000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    611240000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3713248000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.417146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.420719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43689.022844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56195.642181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45350.431735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        14541                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        14541                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        14541                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        14541                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22468671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.118458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 209158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                87882                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.379987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    84.518153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   190.889333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   234.710972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.165075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.372831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.458420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               297040                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              297040                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22468671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               194617                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              194617                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         14541                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        63357                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       340418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  403775                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2492736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     10893376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13386112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           851045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            267322000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           122040000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22468671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22468671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22468671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  22468671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
