
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12571681000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 128293                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1276032                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   152586                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     7.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1612798825                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1189396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012572                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12571681000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             47286                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1189396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4335                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      858060                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          3347                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1563668                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12571670                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12571670                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               235911                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              181814                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        46287                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 811640                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        811640                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               812152                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         651                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1190348                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1190348                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3021944                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             285190                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4320                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        862379                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     858059                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    327851     27.53%     27.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     27.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.01%     27.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     27.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     27.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     27.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     27.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     27.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     27.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     27.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     27.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     27.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     27.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.01%     27.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     27.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.01%     27.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.02%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     27.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4218      0.35%     27.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   47139      3.96%     31.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.01%     31.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             810920     68.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1191067                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    19                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12571681000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12571681000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1563029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1563029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1563029                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1563029                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42524000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     42524000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42524000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     42524000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1563668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1563668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1563668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1563668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66547.730829                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66547.730829                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66547.730829                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66547.730829                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41246000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41246000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41246000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41246000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64547.730829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64547.730829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64547.730829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64547.730829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1563029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1563029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42524000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     42524000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1563668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1563668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66547.730829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66547.730829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41246000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41246000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64547.730829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64547.730829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12571681000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.393119                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   12642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.316547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.393119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.864817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.864817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1564307                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1564307                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12571681000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              107478                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             107478                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       106329                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       321285                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       321285                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 321285                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     13683648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     13683648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                13683648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           639123000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          567251750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12571681000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         6841664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             6878592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      6805056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          6805056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           106901                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               107478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        106329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              106329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2937396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          544212345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              547149741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2937396                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2937396                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       541300404                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             541300404                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       541300404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2937396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         544212345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1088450144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    106327.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       577.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    106893.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000204916500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          6443                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          6443                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               318047                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              100159                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       107478                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      106329                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     107478                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    106329                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               6742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               6694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               6703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               6685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               6670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               6750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              6707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              6701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              6697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               6656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               6656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               6656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               6656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               6656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               6656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               6656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               6656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               6658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               6714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              6673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              6661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              6540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              6558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              6593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              6656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     945805750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   537350000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2960868250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8800.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27550.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     99179                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    98142                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  92.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 107478                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                106329                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   107470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    1680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    6444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    6476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    6479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    6444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    6444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    6444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    6444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    6444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    6444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    6443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    6443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    6443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    6443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    6443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    6443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    6443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        16449                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     831.715971                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    694.616595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    332.344269                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           394      2.40%      2.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1890     11.49%     13.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          516      3.14%     17.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          474      2.88%     19.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          414      2.52%     22.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          402      2.44%     24.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          470      2.86%     27.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          334      2.03%     29.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        11555     70.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         16449                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         6443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.678721                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.504707                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      10.060844                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31            6437     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63              2      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              1      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             1      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-799            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           6443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         6443                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.498681                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.477286                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.857128                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              4764     73.94%     73.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               172      2.67%     76.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              1480     22.97%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                27      0.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           6443                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 6878080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  6803264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  6878592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               6805056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        547.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        541.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     547.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     541.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12571641000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       58799.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36928                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      6841152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      6803264                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2937395.563886802644                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 544171618.735792040825                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 541157861.068857908249                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       106901                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       106329                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14845750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   2946022500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 307226891500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25729.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27558.42                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2889398.86                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              58976400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              31342905                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            384796020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           276936660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      992028960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4111065150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1365576000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7220722095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         574.364088                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3484520250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    419640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8667520750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              58476600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              31081050                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            382539780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           277954560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      992028960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4072374120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1398157920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7212612990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         573.719059                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3569021750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    419640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8583019250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12571681000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12571681000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12571681000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           753755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               753755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          753755                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              753755                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         106969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             106969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        106969                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            106969                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7894072000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7894072000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7894072000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7894072000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       860724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           860724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       860724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          860724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73797.754490                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73797.754490                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73797.754490                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73797.754490                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          106609                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                106609                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        106969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       106969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7680136000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7680136000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7680136000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7680136000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71797.773187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71797.773187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71797.773187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71797.773187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     106712                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8039000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8039000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.036217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51203.821656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51203.821656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7725000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7725000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49203.821656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49203.821656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         749577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             749577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       106812                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           106812                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7886033000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7886033000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       856389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         856389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73830.964686                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73830.964686                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106812                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       106812                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7672411000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7672411000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71830.983410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71830.983410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12571681000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.452700                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  858682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                106712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.046724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.452700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                967692                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               967692                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12571681000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12571681000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12571681000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        106902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            107479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       106902                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           107479                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7251659000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7289772000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7251659000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7289772000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       106969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          107608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       106969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         107608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.998801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.998801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66053.726170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67834.642944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67825.082109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66053.726170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67834.642944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67825.082109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         106329                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               106329                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       107479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       107479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36959000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7037857000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7074816000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36959000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7037857000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7074816000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64053.726170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65834.661653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65825.100717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64053.726170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65834.661653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65825.100717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    107111                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       106902                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           107479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7251659000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7289772000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       106969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         107608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.998801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66053.726170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67834.642944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67825.082109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       107479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36959000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7037857000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7074816000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64053.726170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65834.661653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65825.100717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       106609                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       106609                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       106609                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       106609                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12571681000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.318891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 213448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               107111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.992774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.378360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.218144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   506.722386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               321840                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              321840                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12571681000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               107608                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              107607                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        106609                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       320546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  321824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     13668928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13709824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            640653000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           534840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12571681000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12571681000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12571681000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12571681000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25257801000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 120185                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1276700                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   142014                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    16.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1517761916                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2363310                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025258                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25257801000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             90764                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2363310                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4335                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1729327                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          6745                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3132286                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25257790                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25257790                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               453301                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              355726                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        89765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1637730                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1637730                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1638242                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         651                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               2365961                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      2365961                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6028746                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             546058                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4320                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1733646                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1729326                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    632197     26.71%     26.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.01%     26.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.01%     26.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.01%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4218      0.18%     26.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   92316      3.90%     30.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            1637010     69.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2366680                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    19                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25257801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25257801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3131647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3131647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3131647                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3131647                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42524000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     42524000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42524000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     42524000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3132286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3132286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3132286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3132286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66547.730829                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66547.730829                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66547.730829                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66547.730829                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41246000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41246000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41246000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41246000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64547.730829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64547.730829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64547.730829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64547.730829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3131647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3131647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42524000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     42524000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3132286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3132286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66547.730829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66547.730829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41246000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41246000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64547.730829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64547.730829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25257801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.697935                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   12642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.316547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.697935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3132925                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3132925                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25257801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              216174                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             216174                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       215025                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       647373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       647373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 647373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     27596736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     27596736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                27596736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1291299000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1140887500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25257801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        13798208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            13835136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     13761600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         13761600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           215597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               216174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        215025                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              215025                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1462043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          546294905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              547756948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1462043                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1462043                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       544845531                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             544845531                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       544845531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1462043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         546294905                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1092602480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    215023.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       577.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    215589.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000204916500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         13031                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         13031                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               640788                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              202571                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       216174                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      215025                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     216174                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    215025                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              13654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              13493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              13481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              13487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              13485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              13479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              13469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              13444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              13454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              13534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             13491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             13485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             13481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             13541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             13551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             13637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              13440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              13440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              13440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              13440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              13440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              13440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              13440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              13440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              13442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              13498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             13457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             13480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             13436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             13343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             13377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             13440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1904724000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1080830000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5957836500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8811.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27561.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    199633                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   198495                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  92.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 216174                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                215025                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   216166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    2965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    3394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   13032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   13098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   13106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   13032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   13032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   13032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   13032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   13032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   13032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   13032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   13032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   13032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   13032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   13031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   13031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   13031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        33027                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     835.443486                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    700.853719                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    329.590838                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           728      2.20%      2.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3764     11.40%     13.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1004      3.04%     16.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          938      2.84%     19.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          824      2.49%     21.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          807      2.44%     24.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          950      2.88%     27.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          663      2.01%     29.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        23349     70.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         33027                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        13031                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.587522                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.490909                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       7.100279                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           13025     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63              2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-799            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          13031                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        13031                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.498580                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.477170                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.857441                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              9638     73.96%     73.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               346      2.66%     76.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              2990     22.95%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                57      0.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          13031                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                13834624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 13759552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 13835136                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              13761600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        547.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        544.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     547.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     544.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25257737000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       58575.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36928                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     13797696                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     13759552                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1462043.350488033378                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 546274634.121949076653                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 544764447.229590535164                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       215597                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       215025                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14845750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5942990750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 618734246500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25729.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27565.28                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2877499.11                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             118295520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              62867970                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            772362360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           561009060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1993277520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8255931870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2746632000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14510376300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         574.490879                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7008420250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    843180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  17406200750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             117545820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              62469495                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            771062880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           561254400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1993277520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        8184433350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2806841280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14496884745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         573.956725                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7164346500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    843180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  17250274500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25257801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25257801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25257801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1514627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1514627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1514627                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1514627                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         215665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             215665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        215665                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            215665                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15921212000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15921212000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15921212000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15921212000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1730292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1730292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1730292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1730292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73823.810076                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73823.810076                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73823.810076                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73823.810076                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          215305                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                215305                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        215665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       215665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15489884000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15489884000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15489884000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15489884000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71823.819349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71823.819349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71823.819349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71823.819349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     215408                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8039000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8039000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.036217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51203.821656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51203.821656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7725000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7725000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49203.821656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49203.821656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1510449                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1510449                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       215508                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           215508                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15913173000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15913173000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1725957                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1725957                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124863                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124863                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73840.288992                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73840.288992                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       215508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15482159000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15482159000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124863                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124863                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71840.298272                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71840.298272                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25257801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.229855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1728250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                215408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.023147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.229855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1945956                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1945956                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25257801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25257801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25257801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        215598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            216175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       215598                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           216175                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14626623000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  14664736000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14626623000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  14664736000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       215665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          216304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       215665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         216304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66053.726170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67842.108925                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67837.335492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66053.726170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67842.108925                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67837.335492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         215025                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               215025                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       216175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       216175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36959000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14195429000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14232388000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36959000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14195429000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14232388000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64053.726170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65842.118201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65837.344744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64053.726170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65842.118201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65837.344744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    215807                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       215598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           216175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14626623000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14664736000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       215665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         216304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66053.726170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67842.108925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67837.335492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       216175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36959000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14195429000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14232388000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64053.726170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65842.118201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65837.344744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       215305                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       215305                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       215305                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       215305                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25257801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.665519                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 430840                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               215807                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.188323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.104047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   509.373149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               647928                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              647928                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25257801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               216304                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              216303                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        215305                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       646634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  647912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     27582016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 27622912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1292829000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1078320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25257801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25257801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25257801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25257801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                37944344000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 122391                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1276832                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   144306                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    24.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1547982972                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000010                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3537231                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.037944                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 37944344000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            134243                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000010                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3537231                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4335                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2600595                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         10141                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4700908                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         37944333                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   37944333                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               670696                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              529640                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       133244                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2463822                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2463822                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2464333                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         651                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3541580                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3541580                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9035557                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             806930                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4320                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2604914                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    2600594                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    936548     26.44%     26.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.01%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4218      0.12%     26.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  137492      3.88%     30.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            2463102     69.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3542299                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    19                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37944344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37944344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4700269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4700269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4700269                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4700269                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42524000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     42524000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42524000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     42524000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4700908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4700908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4700908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4700908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66547.730829                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66547.730829                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66547.730829                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66547.730829                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41246000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41246000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41246000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41246000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64547.730829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64547.730829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64547.730829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64547.730829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4700269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4700269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42524000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     42524000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4700908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4700908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66547.730829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66547.730829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41246000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41246000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64547.730829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64547.730829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37944344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.798929                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   12642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.316547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.798929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4701547                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4701547                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37944344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              324870                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             324870                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       323721                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       973461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       973461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 973461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     41509824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     41509824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                41509824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1943475000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1714528000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37944344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        20754752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            20791680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     20718144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         20718144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           324293                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               324870                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        323721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              323721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             973215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          546978807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              547952022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        973215                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            973215                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       546014025                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             546014025                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       546014025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            973215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         546978807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1093966047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    323719.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       577.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    324285.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000204916500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         19621                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         19621                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               963521                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              304997                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       324870                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      323721                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     324870                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    323721                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              20438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              20390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              20304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              20271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              20269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              20263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              20253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              20228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              20238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              20318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             20275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             20269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             20265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             20325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             20335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             20421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              20224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              20224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              20224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              20224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              20224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              20224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              20224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              20224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              20226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              20282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             20241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             20264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             20236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             20254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             20172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             20224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2864048500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1624310000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               8955211000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8816.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27566.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    300088                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   298856                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  92.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 324870                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                323721                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   324862                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    4448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    5097                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   19622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   19717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   19739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   19622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   19622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   19622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   19622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   19622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   19622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   19622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   19622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   19621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   19621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   19621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   19621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   19621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        49606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     836.701367                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    702.965356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    328.648858                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1064      2.14%      2.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5634     11.36%     13.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1499      3.02%     16.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1395      2.81%     19.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1233      2.49%     21.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1214      2.45%     24.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1431      2.88%     27.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          992      2.00%     29.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        35144     70.85%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         49606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        19621                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.556292                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.485137                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       5.807115                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           19615     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63              2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-799            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          19621                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        19621                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.497171                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.475810                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.856441                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             14525     74.03%     74.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               521      2.66%     76.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              4491     22.89%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                84      0.43%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          19621                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                20791168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 20716224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 20791680                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              20718144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        547.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        545.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     547.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     546.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    37944264000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       58502.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36928                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     20754240                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     20716224                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 973214.874923124327                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 546965313.196612358093                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 545963424.746518254280                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       324293                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       323721                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14845750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   8940365250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 930262616000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25729.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27568.79                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2873655.45                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             177593220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              94385445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1159864440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           845112780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2995140720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       12395646360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4132189440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         21799932405                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         574.523898                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10543892250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1266980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  26133471750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             176615040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              93869325                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1159650240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           844554240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2995140720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       12307111110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4206745440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         21783686115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         574.095737                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10736905000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1266980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  25940459000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37944344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37944344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37944344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2275501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2275501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2275501                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2275501                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         324361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             324361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        324361                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            324361                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23948763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23948763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23948763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23948763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2599862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2599862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2599862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2599862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73833.669892                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73833.669892                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73833.669892                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73833.669892                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          324001                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                324001                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        324361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       324361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23300043000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23300043000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23300043000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23300043000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71833.676058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71833.676058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71833.676058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71833.676058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     324104                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8039000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8039000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.036217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51203.821656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51203.821656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7725000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7725000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49203.821656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49203.821656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2271323                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2271323                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       324204                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           324204                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23940724000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  23940724000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2595527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        2595527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124909                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124909                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73844.628691                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73844.628691                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       324204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23292318000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23292318000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124909                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124909                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71844.634860                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71844.634860                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37944344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.487350                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2597818                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                324104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.015384                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.487350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2924222                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2924222                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37944344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37944344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37944344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        324294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            324871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       324294                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           324871                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22001998000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  22040111000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22001998000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  22040111000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       324361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          325000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       324361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         325000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66053.726170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67845.837419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67842.654469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66053.726170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67845.837419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67842.654469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         323721                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               323721                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       324871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       324871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36959000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21353412000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21390371000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36959000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21353412000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21390371000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64053.726170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65845.843586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65842.660625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64053.726170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65845.843586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65842.660625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    324503                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       324294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           324871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22001998000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22040111000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       324361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         325000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66053.726170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67845.837419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67842.654469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       324871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36959000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21353412000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21390371000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64053.726170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65845.843586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65842.660625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       324001                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       324001                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       324001                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       324001                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37944344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.111698                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 648232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               324503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.125358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.734913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.251426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               974016                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              974016                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37944344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               325000                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              324999                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        324001                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       972722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  974000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     41495104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 41536000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1945005000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1621800000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37944344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37944344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37944344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  37944344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                50631248000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 121147                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1276832                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   142681                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    33.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1533399520                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4711137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.050631                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 50631248000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            177721                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4711137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4335                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     3471853                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         13537                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6269512                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         50631237                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   50631237                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               888086                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              703552                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       176722                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3289904                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3289904                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3290415                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         651                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4717184                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4717184                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            12042331                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1067798                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4320                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3476172                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    3471852                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1240894     26.30%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4218      0.09%     26.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  182668      3.87%     30.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3289184     69.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4717903                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    19                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50631248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50631248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6268873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6268873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6268873                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6268873                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42524000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     42524000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42524000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     42524000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6269512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6269512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6269512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6269512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66547.730829                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66547.730829                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66547.730829                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66547.730829                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41246000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41246000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41246000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41246000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64547.730829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64547.730829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64547.730829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64547.730829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6268873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6268873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42524000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     42524000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6269512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6269512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66547.730829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66547.730829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41246000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41246000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64547.730829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64547.730829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50631248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.849312                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   12642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.316547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.849312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6270151                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6270151                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50631248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              433565                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             433565                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       432416                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1299546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1299546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1299546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     55422784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     55422784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                55422784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2595645000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         2288159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50631248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        27711232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            27748160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     27674624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         27674624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           432988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               433565                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        432416                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              432416                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             729352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          547314812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              548044164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        729352                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            729352                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       546591781                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             546591781                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       546591781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            729352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         547314812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1094635945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    432414.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       577.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    432980.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000204916500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         26211                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         26211                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1286265                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              407411                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       433565                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      432416                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     433565                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    432416                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              27222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              27174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              27177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              27117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              27053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              27047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              27037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              27012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              27022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              27102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             27059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             27053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             27049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             27109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             27119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             27205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              27008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              27008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              27008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              27008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              27008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              27008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              27008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              27008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              27010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              27066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             27025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             27048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             27020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             27038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             27073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             27044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3823856750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2167785000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              11953050500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8819.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27569.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    400540                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   399217                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  92.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 433565                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                432416                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   433557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    5938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    6797                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   26212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   26340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   26363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   26212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   26212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   26212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   26212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   26212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   26212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   26211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   26211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   26211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   26211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   26211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   26211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   26211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        66185                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     837.331963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    703.995699                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    328.198293                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1400      2.12%      2.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7504     11.34%     13.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1994      3.01%     16.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1854      2.80%     19.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1643      2.48%     21.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1613      2.44%     24.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1912      2.89%     27.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1327      2.00%     29.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        46938     70.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         66185                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        26211                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.540689                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.482189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       5.042223                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           26205     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63              2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-799            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          26211                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        26211                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.496433                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.475092                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.856031                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             19415     74.07%     74.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               691      2.64%     76.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              5994     22.87%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               111      0.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          26211                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                27747648                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 27672832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 27748160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              27674624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        548.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        546.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     548.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     546.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    50631168000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       58466.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36928                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     27710720                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     27672832                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 729351.960670612054                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 547304700.054006218910                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 546556387.470441222191                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       432988                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       432416                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14845750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  11938204750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1241788417500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25729.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27571.68                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2871744.84                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             236898060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             125906715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1547366520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1129211280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3996389280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       16533775110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5519220480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         29088767445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         574.522031                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14083202000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1690520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  34857526000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             235684260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             125265360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1548230460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1127854080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3996389280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       16420680270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5614458240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         29068561950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         574.122960                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14329827750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1690520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  34610900250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50631248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50631248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50631248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3036366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3036366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3036366                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3036366                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         433056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             433056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        433056                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            433056                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31976729000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31976729000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31976729000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31976729000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3469422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3469422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3469422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3469422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73839.708952                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73839.708952                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73839.708952                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73839.708952                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          432696                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                432696                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       433056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        433056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       433056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       433056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31110619000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31110619000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31110619000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31110619000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71839.713571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71839.713571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71839.713571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71839.713571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     432799                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8039000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8039000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.036217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51203.821656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51203.821656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7725000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7725000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49203.821656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49203.821656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3032188                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3032188                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       432899                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           432899                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31968690000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  31968690000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      3465087                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        3465087                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124932                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124932                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73847.918337                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73847.918337                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       432899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31102894000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31102894000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124932                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124932                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71847.922957                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71847.922957                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50631248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.615807                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3467378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                432799                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.011520                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.615807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3902477                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3902477                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50631248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50631248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50631248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        432989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            433566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       432989                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           433566                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29377794000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  29415907000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29377794000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  29415907000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       433056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          433695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       433056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         433695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66053.726170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67848.822949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67846.433992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66053.726170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67848.822949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67846.433992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         432416                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               432416                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       433566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       433566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36959000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28511818000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28548777000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36959000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28511818000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28548777000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64053.726170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65848.827568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65846.438605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64053.726170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65848.827568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65846.438605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    433198                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       432989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           433566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29377794000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  29415907000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       433056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         433695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66053.726170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67848.822949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67846.433992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       433566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36959000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28511818000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28548777000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64053.726170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65848.827568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65846.438605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       432696                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       432696                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       432696                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       432696                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50631248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.334284                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 865622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               433198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.093946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.550763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.689575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1300101                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1300101                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50631248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               433695                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              433694                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        432696                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1298807                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1300085                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     55408064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 55448960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2597175000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2165275000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50631248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50631248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50631248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  50631248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                63318133000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 124128                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1277072                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   146099                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    40.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1571898815                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5885046                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.063318                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 63318133000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            221199                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5885046                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4335                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4343112                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         16935                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7838122                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         63318133                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   63318133                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1105476                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              877466                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       220200                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4115986                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4115986                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4116497                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         651                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5892792                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5892792                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15049111                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1328668                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4320                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4347432                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4343112                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1545242     26.22%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4218      0.07%     26.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  227846      3.87%     30.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4115266     69.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5893511                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    19                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63318133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63318133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7837483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7837483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7837483                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7837483                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42524000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     42524000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42524000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     42524000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7838122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7838122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7838122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7838122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66547.730829                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66547.730829                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66547.730829                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66547.730829                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41246000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41246000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41246000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41246000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64547.730829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64547.730829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64547.730829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64547.730829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7837483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7837483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42524000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     42524000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7838122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7838122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66547.730829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66547.730829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41246000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41246000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64547.730829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64547.730829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63318133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.879505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7838122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   639                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              12266.231612                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.879505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7838761                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7838761                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63318133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              542261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             542261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       541112                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1625634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1625634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1625634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     69335872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     69335872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                69335872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3247821000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         2861800250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63318133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        34667776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            34704704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     34631168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         34631168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           541684                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               542261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        541112                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              541112                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             583214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          547517344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              548100558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        583214                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            583214                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       546939184                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             546939184                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       546939184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            583214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         547517344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1095039742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    541110.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       577.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    541676.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000204916500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32799                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32799                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1609009                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              509835                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       542261                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      541112                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     542261                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    541112                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              34006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              33958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              33961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              33967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              33923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              33831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              33821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              33796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              33806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              33886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             33843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             33837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             33833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             33893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             33903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             33989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              33857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              33792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              33792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              33792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              33792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              33792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              33792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              33792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              33794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              33850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             33809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             33832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             33804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             33822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             33857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             33920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4783578000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2711265000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14950821750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8821.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27571.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    500991                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   499582                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  92.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 542261                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                541112                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   542253                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    7438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    8517                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        82768                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     837.688769                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    704.587860                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    327.928934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1737      2.10%      2.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9375     11.33%     13.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2482      3.00%     16.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2319      2.80%     19.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2054      2.48%     21.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2015      2.43%     24.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2394      2.89%     27.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1657      2.00%     29.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        58735     70.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         82768                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32799                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.532486                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.481531                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       4.523462                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           32793     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63              2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-799            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32799                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32799                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.497119                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.475755                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.856484                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             24283     74.04%     74.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               868      2.65%     76.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              7507     22.89%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               141      0.43%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32799                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                34704192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 34629696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 34704704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              34631168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        548.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        546.92                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     548.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     546.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    63318112000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       58445.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36928                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     34667264                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     34629696                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 583213.658558125840                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 547509257.735063076019                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 546915936.387448430061                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       541684                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       541112                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14845750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14935976000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1553340092500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25729.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27573.23                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2870644.33                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             296174340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             157420395                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1934868600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1412991360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4998252480.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20677947570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6901154880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         36378809625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         574.540150                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17609244500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2114320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  43594568500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             294796320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             156684165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1936817820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1411493220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4998252480.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20538533550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7018556160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         36355133715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         574.166230                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17913185750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2114320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  43290627250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63318133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63318133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63318133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3797231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3797231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3797231                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3797231                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         541751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             541751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        541751                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            541751                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40004677000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  40004677000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40004677000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  40004677000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4338982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4338982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4338982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4338982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73843.291475                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73843.291475                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73843.291475                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73843.291475                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          541392                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                541392                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        541751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       541751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38921175000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38921175000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38921175000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38921175000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71843.291475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71843.291475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71843.291475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71843.291475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     541495                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8039000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8039000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.036217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51203.821656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51203.821656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7725000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7725000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49203.821656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49203.821656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3793053                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3793053                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       541594                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           541594                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39996638000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  39996638000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4334647                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4334647                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73849.854319                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73849.854319                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       541594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38913450000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38913450000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124945                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124945                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71849.854319                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71849.854319                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63318133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.692787                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4338982                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                541751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.009181                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.692787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4880733                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4880733                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63318133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63318133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63318133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        541684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            542261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       541684                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           542261                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36753566000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  36791679000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36753566000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  36791679000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       541751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          542390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       541751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         542390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66053.726170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67850.566013                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67848.654061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66053.726170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67850.566013                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67848.654061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         541112                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               541112                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       542261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       542261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36959000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35670198000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35707157000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36959000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35670198000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35707157000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64053.726170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65850.566013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65848.654061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64053.726170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65850.566013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65848.654061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    541894                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       541684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           542261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36753566000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  36791679000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       541751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         542390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66053.726170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67850.566013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67848.654061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       542261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36959000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35670198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35707157000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64053.726170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65850.566013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65848.654061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       541392                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       541392                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       541392                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       541392                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63318133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.467671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1083782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               542406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.075123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.440408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.952141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1626188                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1626188                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63318133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               542390                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              542390                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        541392                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1624894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1626172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     69321152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 69362048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3249350000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2708755000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63318133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63318133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63318133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  63318133000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
