
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3961676000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  98165                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34284036                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   186307                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              388878334                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000024                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1897984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003962                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3961676000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            223657                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000024                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1897984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      224662                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            81                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      144211                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            45                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1309643                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           177                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3961665                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3961665                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1153911                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              616673                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       165985                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  24024                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         24024                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                38683                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               19045                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       38890                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1874791                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1874791                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3674306                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1506926                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      224364                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        368510                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     144146                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7478      0.39%      0.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1502910     79.18%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      314      0.02%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       217      0.01%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      77      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     9070      0.48%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      138      0.01%     80.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4544      0.24%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    4704      0.25%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   219921     11.59%     92.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  143441      7.56%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4443      0.23%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                705      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1897999                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    29                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         7288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            9146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7288                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1858                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           9146                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1943                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1850                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3793                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117050000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    116092000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    233142000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117050000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    116092000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    233142000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        12939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        12939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.210486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.293145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.210486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.293145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60241.893978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62752.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61466.385447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60241.893978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62752.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61466.385447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           72                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               72                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113164000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    112392000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225556000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113164000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    112392000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225556000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.210486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.210486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58241.893978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60752.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59466.385447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58241.893978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60752.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59466.385447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   107                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           9146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117050000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    116092000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    233142000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        12939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.210486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.293145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60241.893978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62752.432432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61466.385447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113164000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    112392000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225556000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.210486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58241.893978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60752.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59466.385447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2729                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2729                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2729                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2729                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2627.301690                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.757009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.604362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1484.624673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1139.072655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.045307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.034762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.080179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3695                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3287                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.112762                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            19470                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           19470                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1295667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1295667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1295667                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1295667                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13976                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13976                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    360054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    360054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    360054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    360054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1309643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1309643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25762.306812                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25762.306812                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25762.306812                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25762.306812                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332102000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    332102000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332102000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    332102000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23762.306812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23762.306812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23762.306812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23762.306812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13720                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1295667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1295667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    360054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    360054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1309643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25762.306812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25762.306812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332102000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    332102000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23762.306812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23762.306812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.800251                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1213720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 88.463557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.800251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.983595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1323619                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1323619                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3793                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3793                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           72                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         7658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         7658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   7658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       247360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       247360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  247360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4153000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           20257750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          124352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          118400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              242752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       124352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         124352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         4608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             4608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3793                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            72                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  72                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           31388735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           29886341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               61275077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      31388735                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          31388735                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1163144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1163144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1163144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          31388735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          29886341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              62438221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        72.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1943.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1850.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003182240500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 8670                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  47                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3793                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          72                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3793                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14                72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       10.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      35557750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    18965000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                106676500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9374.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28124.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2551                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       42                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  67.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 58.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3793                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1248                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     196.974359                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    143.177004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    187.187685                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           459     36.78%     36.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          433     34.70%     71.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          203     16.27%     87.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           58      4.65%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           33      2.64%     95.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      1.84%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           14      1.12%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.64%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           17      1.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1248                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            1248                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     349.080799                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1714.574000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.666667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.640671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.154701                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 2     66.67%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1     33.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  242752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     3200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   242752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  4608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         61.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      61.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3958524000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1024197.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       124352                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       118400                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         3200                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 31388735.474581971765                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 29886341.033441402018                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 807738.946849767584                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1943                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1850                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           72                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     52287500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     54389000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  24893702750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26910.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29399.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 345745871.53                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     67.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               3498600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1859550                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             10138800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                5220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      312237120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         727846680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         908360160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1963946130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         495.736181                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2354496000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    132080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1475100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               5426400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2876610                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             16943220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              255780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      312237120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         924411180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         742832160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2004982470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.094509                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1922654250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    132080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1906941750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           359957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               359957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          360032                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              360032                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          8826                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              8826                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    259810000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    259810000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    259810000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    259810000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       368783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           368783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       368858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          368858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.023933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29436.891004                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29436.891004                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29436.891004                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29436.891004                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4335                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4335                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    242160000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    242160000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    242160000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    242160000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27437.117607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27437.117607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27437.117607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27437.117607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       8569                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          218597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              218597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          5990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              5990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    125615000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    125615000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       224587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          224587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20970.784641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20970.784641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    113637000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    113637000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18971.118531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18971.118531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         141360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             141360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134195000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134195000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       144196                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         144196                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019668                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019668                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47318.406206                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47318.406206                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    128523000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128523000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019668                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019668                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45318.406206                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45318.406206                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               248.756934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  338829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  8569                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 39.541253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.756934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.971707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.971707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                377683                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               377683                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                9862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4745                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5117                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               9862                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             12940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            12940                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    233167000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    160596000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    393763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    233167000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    160596000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    393763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           22802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          22802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.567494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.567494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25259.126855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43299.002427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30429.907264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25259.126855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43299.002427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30429.907264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2729                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2729                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    214705000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    153180000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    367885000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    214705000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    153180000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    367885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23259.126855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41299.541655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28430.061824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23259.126855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41299.541655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28430.061824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     14800                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               9862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            12940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    233167000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    160596000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    393763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          22802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.567494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25259.126855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43299.002427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30429.907264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    214705000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    153180000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    367885000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23259.126855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41299.541655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28430.061824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4335                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4335                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4335                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4335                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              500.162667                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  24594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                14800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.661757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    89.329621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.161395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   164.671651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.174472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.480784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.321624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.976880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                42449                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               42449                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                22802                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               22801                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4335                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        21986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   49938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       842240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       894464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1736704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            69880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             44477000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            44125000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3961676000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7721905000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 109805                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34285248                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   206050                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    18.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              423846193                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000467                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3753947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007722                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7721905000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            446298                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000467                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3753947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      468436                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      271222                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            63                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2600713                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           178                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7721894                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7721894                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2304360                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1247663                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       335300                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  41819                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         41819                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                67125                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               33216                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       71600                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3713499                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3713499                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7308226                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2994959                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      467935                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        739025                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     271090                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 12548      0.33%      0.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2969376     79.10%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      438      0.01%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       322      0.01%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     151      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    15174      0.40%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      276      0.01%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     8146      0.22%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    8445      0.22%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  54      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   459947     12.25%     92.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  270122      7.20%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                7988      0.21%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                968      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3753971                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    29                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        15675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         4548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           20223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        15675                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4548                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          20223                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2250                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2560                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4810                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    136956000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    159620000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    296576000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    136956000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    159620000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    296576000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        25033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        25033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.125523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.360158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.192146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.125523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.360158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.192146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60869.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62351.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61658.212058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60869.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62351.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61658.212058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          195                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              195                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    132456000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    154500000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    286956000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    132456000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    154500000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    286956000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.125523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.360158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.192146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.125523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.360158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.192146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58869.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60351.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59658.212058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58869.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60351.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59658.212058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   581                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        15675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         4548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          20223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    136956000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    159620000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    296576000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        25033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.125523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.360158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.192146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60869.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62351.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61658.212058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    132456000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    154500000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    286956000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.125523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.360158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.192146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58869.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60351.562500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59658.212058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4715                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4715                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4715                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4715                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3337.979516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               4918                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             8.464716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     5.457585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1712.651906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1619.870025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.052266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.049435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.101867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4343                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.132538                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            34672                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           34672                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2572112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2572112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2572112                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2572112                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          28601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              28601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         28601                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             28601                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    633808000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    633808000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    633808000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    633808000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2600713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2600713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2600713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2600713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22160.344044                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22160.344044                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22160.344044                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22160.344044                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         28601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    576606000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    576606000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    576606000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    576606000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20160.344044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20160.344044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20160.344044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20160.344044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28345                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2572112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2572112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         28601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             28601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    633808000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    633808000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2600713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2600713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22160.344044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22160.344044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    576606000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    576606000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20160.344044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20160.344044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.845344                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2453937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28345                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 86.573893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.845344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2629314                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2629314                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          195                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         9815                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         9815                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   9815                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       320320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       320320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  320320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           25719250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          144000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          163840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              307840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       144000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         144000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        12480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            12480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4810                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           195                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 195                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           18648248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           21217562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               39865810                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      18648248                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          18648248                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1616181                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1616181                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1616181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          18648248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          21217562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              41481992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       152.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2250.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2539.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.008895133250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             8                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             8                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                11748                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 126                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4810                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         195                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4810                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       195                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     43                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       17.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      46588750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    23945000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                136382500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9728.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28478.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3065                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      113                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4810                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   195                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4781                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1744                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     180.587156                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    132.556033                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    173.038305                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           717     41.11%     41.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          587     33.66%     74.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          260     14.91%     89.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           73      4.19%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           39      2.24%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           27      1.55%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      0.86%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.46%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           18      1.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1744                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      596.750000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     192.261702                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1075.076575                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              4     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1     12.50%     62.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1     12.50%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1     12.50%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1     12.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            8                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.750000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.722538                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.035098                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 5     62.50%     62.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3     37.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              8                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  306496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     8576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   307840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 12480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         39.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      39.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7719814000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1542420.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       144000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       162496                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         8576                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 18648248.068319927901                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 21043511.931317467242                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1110606.773846609052                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2250                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2560                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          195                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     61939250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     74443250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 130918004750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27528.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29079.39                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 671374383.33                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5112240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2717220                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             13801620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              120060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      609108240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1234616010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1925534880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3791010270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         490.942361                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4993661750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    257660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2470583250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7347060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3901260                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             20391840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              579420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      609108240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1356084150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1823245920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3820657890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         494.781779                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4726433250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    257660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2737811750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           722708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               722708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          722783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              722783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          16851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              16851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         16851                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             16851                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436087000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    436087000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436087000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    436087000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       739559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           739559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       739634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          739634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.022785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25878.998279                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25878.998279                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25878.998279                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25878.998279                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7446                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7446                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    402387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    402387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    402387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    402387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23879.116966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23879.116966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23879.116966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23879.116966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      16594                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          456585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              456585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    227753000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    227753000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       468361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          468361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19340.438179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19340.438179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    204203000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    204203000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17340.608016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17340.608016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         266123                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             266123                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5075                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5075                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    208334000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    208334000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       271198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         271198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018713                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018713                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41051.034483                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41051.034483                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    198184000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    198184000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018713                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018713                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39051.034483                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39051.034483                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.283990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  700280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 16594                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 42.200795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.283990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                756484                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               756484                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           10676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               20418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          10676                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9742                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              20418                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         17925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             25034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            25034                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    365481000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246904000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    612385000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    365481000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246904000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    612385000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           45452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          45452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.550779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.550779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20389.456067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34731.185821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24462.131501                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20389.456067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34731.185821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24462.131501                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4715                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4715                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    329631000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    232688000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    562319000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    329631000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    232688000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    562319000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18389.456067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32731.467154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22462.211393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18389.456067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32731.467154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22462.211393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     28614                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          10676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              20418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            25034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    365481000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246904000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    612385000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          45452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.550779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20389.456067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34731.185821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24462.131501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    329631000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    232688000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    562319000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18389.456067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32731.467154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22462.211393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7446                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7446                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7446                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7446                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.926929                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                28614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.758999                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    76.717023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   247.596748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   181.613157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.149838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.483587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.354713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.988139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                82024                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               82024                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                45452                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               45451                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7446                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        57202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   98349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1554944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1830464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3385408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           143005000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             82682000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            84250000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7721905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11573240000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 116321                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34285792                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   217204                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    25.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              448710869                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000144                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5602147                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011573                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11573240000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            663189                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000144                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5602147                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      692387                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      418160                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            77                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3912749                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           179                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11573229                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11573229                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3411540                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1861756                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       498332                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  54853                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         54853                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                88114                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               43718                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      100834                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5546454                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5546454                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10948334                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4464809                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      691678                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1109633                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     417955                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 17736      0.32%      0.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4431323     79.10%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      620      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       406      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     222      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20300      0.36%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      282      0.01%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    10526      0.19%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   10985      0.20%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 129      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   681279     12.16%     92.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  416762      7.44%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               10399      0.19%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1193      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5602178                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    29                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        27421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           34849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        27421                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7428                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          34849                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2419                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3036                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5455                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148230000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    188944000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    337174000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    188944000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    337174000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        40304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        40304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.290138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.135346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.290138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.135346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61277.387350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62234.519104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61810.082493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61277.387350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62234.519104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61810.082493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          267                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              267                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143392000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    182872000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    326264000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143392000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    182872000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    326264000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.290138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.290138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59277.387350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60234.519104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59810.082493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59277.387350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60234.519104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59810.082493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   824                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        27421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          34849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148230000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    188944000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    337174000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        40304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.290138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.135346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61277.387350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62234.519104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61810.082493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143392000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    182872000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    326264000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.081066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.290138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59277.387350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60234.519104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59810.082493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6274                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6274                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6274                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6274                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3751.659741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               6929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             8.408981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     7.772486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1802.329580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1941.557675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.055003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.059252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.114492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4813                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2358                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2315                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.146881                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            52215                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           52215                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3864594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3864594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3864594                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3864594                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          48155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              48155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         48155                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             48155                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    985979000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    985979000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    985979000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    985979000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3912749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3912749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20475.111619                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20475.111619                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20475.111619                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20475.111619                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         48155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    889671000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    889671000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    889671000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    889671000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18475.153151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18475.153151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18475.153151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18475.153151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      47898                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3864594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3864594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         48155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             48155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    985979000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    985979000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3912749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20475.111619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20475.111619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    889671000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    889671000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18475.153151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18475.153151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.562369                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3664782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 47898                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 76.512213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.562369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3960903                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3960903                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5455                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5455                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          267                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        11177                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        11177                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11177                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       366208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       366208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  366208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6790000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           29182500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          154816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          194304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              349120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       154816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         154816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        17088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            17088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           267                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 267                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           13377066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           16789075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               30166142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      13377066                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          13377066                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1476510                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1476510                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1476510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          13377066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          16789075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              31642651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       198.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2419.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3008.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.008895133250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            10                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            10                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                14086                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 160                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5455                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         267                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5455                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       267                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      28                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     69                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      53770500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    27135000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                155526750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9907.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28657.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3392                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      145                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5455                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   267                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2060                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     173.887379                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    128.010625                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    167.621892                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           888     43.11%     43.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          685     33.25%     76.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          282     13.69%     90.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           87      4.22%     94.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           47      2.28%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           29      1.41%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      0.73%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.39%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           19      0.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2060                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           10                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      515.400000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     184.466385                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     964.858562                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              5     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2     20.00%     70.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1     10.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1     10.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1     10.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             10                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           10                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.970563                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.054093                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 5     50.00%     50.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 5     50.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             10                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  347328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    10880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   349120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 17088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         30.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      30.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11545754000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2017782.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       154816                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       192512                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        10880                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 13377066.404913403094                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 16634235.529549201950                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 940099.747348192846                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2419                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3036                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          267                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     67567000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     87959750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 170621184750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27931.79                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28972.25                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 639030654.49                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     62.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5290740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2812095                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             14030100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              203580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      913355040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1326912120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3326724480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5589328155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         482.952756                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8635431250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    386360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2551448750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9417660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5005605                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             24718680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              683820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      913355040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1897251840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2846438400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5696871045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         492.245131                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7380602000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    386360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3806278000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1086700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1086700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1086775                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1086775                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23741                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23741                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    581391000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    581391000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    581391000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    581391000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1110441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1110441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1110516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1110516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24488.901057                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24488.901057                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24488.901057                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24488.901057                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10200                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10200                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    533909000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    533909000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    533909000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    533909000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22488.901057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22488.901057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22488.901057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22488.901057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      23485                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          675406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              675406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         16906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             16906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    318061000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    318061000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       692312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          692312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18813.498166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18813.498166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    284249000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    284249000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16813.498166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16813.498166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         411294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             411294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6835                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6835                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263330000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    263330000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       418129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         418129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016347                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016347                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38526.700805                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38526.700805                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    249660000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    249660000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016347                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016347                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36526.700805                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36526.700805                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.520601                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1028860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 23485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 43.809240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.520601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1134257                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1134257                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           18314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               31591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          18314                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13277                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              31591                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             40305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            40305                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    531312000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    318904000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    850216000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    531312000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    318904000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    850216000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           71896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          71896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.560601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.560601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17804.765256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30476.299694                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21094.554026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17804.765256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30476.299694                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21094.554026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6274                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6274                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    471632000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297976000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    769608000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    471632000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297976000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    769608000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15804.832278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28476.299694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19094.603647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15804.832278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28476.299694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19094.603647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     45175                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          18314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              31591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            40305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    531312000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    318904000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    850216000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          71896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.560601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17804.765256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30476.299694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21094.554026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    471632000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297976000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    769608000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15804.832278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28476.299694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19094.603647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10200                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10200                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10200                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10200                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.947921                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  78197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                45175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.730980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.810679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.101565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   181.035677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.144161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.494339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.353585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               127783                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              127783                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                71896                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               71895                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10200                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        57682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        96309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  153991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2172224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3081856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5254080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           240770000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            122896000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           118705000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11573240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15395534000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 121283                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34286372                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   226426                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    32.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              466777256                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000185                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7468117                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015396                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15395534000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            890774                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000185                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7468117                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      937156                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            97                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      549238                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5204945                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           180                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15395523                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15395523                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4543880                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2481240                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       668008                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  69480                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         69480                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               111465                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               55377                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      136634                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7397801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7397801                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14603538                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5957286                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      936291                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1485274                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     548983                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22869      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5904877     79.07%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      773      0.01%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       532      0.01%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     282      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    25590      0.34%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      356      0.00%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13406      0.18%     79.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   14025      0.19%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 156      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   923015     12.36%     92.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  547595      7.33%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               13276      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1388      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7468156                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    29                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        37749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        11932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           49681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        37749                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        11932                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          49681                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2582                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3659                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6241                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158902000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    226912000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    385814000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158902000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    226912000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    385814000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        55922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        55922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.064020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.234687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.111602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.064020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.234687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.111602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61542.215337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62014.758131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61819.259734                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61542.215337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62014.758131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61819.259734                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          290                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              290                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153738000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    219594000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    373332000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153738000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    219594000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    373332000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.064020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.234687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.064020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.234687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59542.215337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60014.758131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59819.259734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59542.215337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60014.758131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59819.259734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1025                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        37749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        11932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          49681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158902000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    226912000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    385814000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        55922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.064020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.234687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.111602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61542.215337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62014.758131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61819.259734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153738000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    219594000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    373332000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.064020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.234687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59542.215337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60014.758131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59819.259734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8777                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8777                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8777                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8777                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4092.568272                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               7973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1025                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             7.778537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     8.505202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1855.944679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2228.118391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.056639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.067997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.124895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3824                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.165070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            71133                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           71133                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5140947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5140947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5140947                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5140947                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          63998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              63998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         63998                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             63998                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1276246000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1276246000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1276246000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1276246000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5204945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5204945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5204945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5204945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19941.966936                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19941.966936                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19941.966936                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19941.966936                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         63998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1148250000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1148250000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1148250000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1148250000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17941.966936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17941.966936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17941.966936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17941.966936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      63742                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5140947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5140947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         63998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             63998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1276246000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1276246000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5204945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5204945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19941.966936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19941.966936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1148250000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1148250000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17941.966936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17941.966936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.919294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4863135                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 63742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 76.294045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.919294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5268943                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5268943                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6241                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6241                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          290                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        12772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        12772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       417984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       417984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  417984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7691000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           33402000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          165248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          234176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              399424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       165248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         165248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        18560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            18560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2582                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3659                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           290                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 290                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10733502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           15210645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               25944147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10733502                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10733502                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1205544                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1205544                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1205544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10733502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          15210645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              27149692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       217.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2582.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3629.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.008895133250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            11                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            11                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                16659                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 177                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6241                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         290                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6241                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       290                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      30                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     73                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      61503000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    31055000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                177959250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9902.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28652.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3807                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      160                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  61.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6241                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   290                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     168.394737                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    125.282624                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    161.313088                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1055     43.38%     43.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          841     34.58%     77.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          312     12.83%     90.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           93      3.82%     94.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           54      2.22%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           33      1.36%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           17      0.70%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.33%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           19      0.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           11                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      506.818182                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     198.836386                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     915.787619                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              5     45.45%     45.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2     18.18%     63.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2     18.18%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      9.09%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1      9.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             11                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           11                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.090909                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.061663                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.044466                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 5     45.45%     45.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 6     54.55%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             11                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  397504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    12032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   399424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 18560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         25.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      25.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15391732000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2356719.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       165248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       232256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        12032                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10733502.326064169407                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 15085933.362233487889                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 781525.343648359296                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2582                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3659                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          290                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     72793750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    105165500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 215346141750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28192.78                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28741.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 742572902.59                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5861940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3115695                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             15229620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              203580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1215143280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1527375990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4625674080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7392604185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         480.178485                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12010296000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    514020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2871218000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11502540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6113745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             29116920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              777780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1215143280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2475158310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3827541600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7565354175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         491.399270                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9925253250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    514020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4956260750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1452106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1452106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1452181                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1452181                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          34174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              34174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         34174                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             34174                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    795179000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    795179000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    795179000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    795179000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1486280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1486280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1486355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1486355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.022993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23268.537485                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23268.537485                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23268.537485                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23268.537485                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           13820                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 13820                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         34174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    726833000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    726833000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    726833000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    726833000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21268.596009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21268.596009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21268.596009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21268.596009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      33917                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          911647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              911647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    470132000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    470132000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       937081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          937081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.027142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18484.390973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18484.390973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    419264000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    419264000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16484.390973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16484.390973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         540459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             540459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8740                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8740                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    325047000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    325047000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       549199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         549199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015914                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015914                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37190.732265                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37190.732265                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    307569000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    307569000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015914                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015914                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35190.961098                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35190.961098                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.136169                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1408082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 33917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.515523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.136169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1520528                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1520528                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           23667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               42249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          23667                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          18582                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              42249                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         40331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         15592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             55923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            55923                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    678041000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    422277000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1100318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    678041000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    422277000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1100318000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           98172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          98172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.569643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.569643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16811.906474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27082.927142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19675.589650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16811.906474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27082.927142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19675.589650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8777                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8777                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    597379000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391095000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    988474000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    597379000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391095000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    988474000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14811.906474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25083.055413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17675.625414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14811.906474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25083.055413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17675.625414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     63003                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          23667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          18582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              42249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            55923                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    678041000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    422277000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1100318000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          98172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.569643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16811.906474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27082.927142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19675.589650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    597379000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391095000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    988474000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14811.906474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25083.055413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17675.625414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13820                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13820                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13820                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13820                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.953943                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 108216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                63003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.717632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    72.802864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.447779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   182.703300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.142193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.495015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.356842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               175507                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              175507                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                98172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               98171                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         13820                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       127996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  210163                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3071552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4095872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7167424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           319990000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            167272000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           170865000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15395534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19207498000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 124918                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34287416                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   233880                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    40.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              479864068                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000044                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9361506                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019207                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19207498000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1126928                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000044                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9361506                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1203540                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           121                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      671094                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           111                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6481611                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           182                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19207487                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19207487                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5679201                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3095363                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       839531                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  86761                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         86761                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               138948                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               69080                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      180928                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9274061                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9274061                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18298987                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7474583                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1202403                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1873191                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     670788                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 28811      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7390929     78.95%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      865      0.01%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       609      0.01%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     337      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    31426      0.34%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      494      0.01%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    16986      0.18%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   17715      0.19%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 175      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1185586     12.66%     92.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  669209      7.15%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               16817      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1579      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9361554                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        45927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        17990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           63917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        45927                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        17990                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          63917                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2730                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4349                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7079                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    168724000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    269636000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    438360000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    168724000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    269636000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    438360000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        22339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        70996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        22339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        70996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.056107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.194682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.056107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.194682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61803.663004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61999.540124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61924.000565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61803.663004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61999.540124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61924.000565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          324                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              324                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    163264000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    260938000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    424202000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    163264000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    260938000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    424202000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.056107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.194682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.056107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.194682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59803.663004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59999.540124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59924.000565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59803.663004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59999.540124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59924.000565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1103                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        45927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        17990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          63917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    168724000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    269636000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    438360000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        22339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        70996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.056107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.194682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.099710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61803.663004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61999.540124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61924.000565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    163264000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    260938000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    424202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.056107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.194682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59803.663004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59999.540124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59924.000565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11091                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11091                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11091                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11091                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4433.152748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               9348                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1103                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             8.475068                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     8.244062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1906.403441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2518.505245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.058179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.076859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.135289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1605                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.188477                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            89366                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           89366                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6404453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6404453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6404453                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6404453                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          77158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              77158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         77158                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             77158                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1516778000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1516778000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1516778000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1516778000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6481611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6481611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19658.078229                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19658.078229                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19658.078229                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19658.078229                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         77158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        77158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1362462000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1362462000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1362462000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1362462000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17658.078229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17658.078229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17658.078229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17658.078229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      76902                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6404453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6404453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         77158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             77158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1516778000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1516778000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6481611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19658.078229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19658.078229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        77158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1362462000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1362462000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17658.078229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17658.078229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.133773                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6316385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 76902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 82.135510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.133773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6558769                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6558769                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7079                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7079                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       473792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       473792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  473792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8699000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           37893500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          174720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          278336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              453056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       174720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         174720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        20736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            20736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2730                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4349                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7079                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           324                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 324                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            9096448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           14491008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               23587455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       9096448                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           9096448                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1079578                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1079578                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1079578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           9096448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          14491008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              24667034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       245.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2730.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4319.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.018500858500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            13                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            13                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                19346                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 209                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7079                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         324                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7079                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       324                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      30                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     79                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      70381000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    35245000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                202549750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9984.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28734.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4272                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      189                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7079                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   324                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7040                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     165.602847                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    123.819147                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    157.412303                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1234     43.91%     43.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          978     34.80%     78.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          345     12.28%     91.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          107      3.81%     94.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           64      2.28%     97.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           36      1.28%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      0.64%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.32%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           19      0.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      523.230769                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     216.958639                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     861.827240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              6     46.15%     46.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2     15.38%     61.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2     15.38%     76.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      7.69%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      7.69%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1      7.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.076923                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.047616                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.037749                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 6     46.15%     46.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 7     53.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  451136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    14208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   453056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 20736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         23.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      23.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19199645000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2593495.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       174720                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       276416                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        14208                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 9096447.647684253752                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 14391046.663131242618                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 739711.127394104144                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2730                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4349                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          324                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     77676250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    124873500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 340184687750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28452.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28713.15                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1049952739.97                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7675500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4079625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             19913460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              287100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1515702240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2082239640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5622214560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9252112125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         481.692729                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14595588250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    641160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3970749750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12387900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6584325                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             30416400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              871740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1515702240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2717980590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5086853760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9370796955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         487.871817                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13196500250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    641160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5369837750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1827179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1827179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1827254                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1827254                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          47332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              47332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         47332                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             47332                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1061037000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1061037000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1061037000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1061037000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1874511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1874511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1874586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1874586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22416.906110                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22416.906110                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22416.906110                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22416.906110                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           17178                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 17178                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         47332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    966375000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    966375000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    966375000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    966375000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20416.948365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20416.948365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20416.948365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20416.948365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      47075                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1166958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1166958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         36507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             36507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    664937000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    664937000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1203465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1203465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.030335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18213.958967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18213.958967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    591925000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    591925000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16214.013751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16214.013751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         660221                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             660221                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10825                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10825                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    396100000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    396100000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       671046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         671046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36591.224018                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36591.224018                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    374450000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    374450000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016132                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016132                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34591.224018                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34591.224018                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.506069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1846835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 47075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 39.231758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.506069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1921917                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1921917                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           28501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           24992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               53493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          28501                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          24992                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              53493                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         48657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         22340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             70997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        22340                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            70997                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    795805000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    551345000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1347150000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    795805000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    551345000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1347150000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          124490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         124490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.570303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.570303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16355.406211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24679.722471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18974.745412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16355.406211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24679.722471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18974.745412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11091                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11091                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        70997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        70997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    698491000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    506667000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1205158000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    698491000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    506667000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1205158000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.570303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.570303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14355.406211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22679.811996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16974.773582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14355.406211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22679.811996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16974.773582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     79985                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          28501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          24992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              53493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        22340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            70997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    795805000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    551345000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1347150000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         124490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.570303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16355.406211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24679.722471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18974.745412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        70997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    698491000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    506667000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1205158000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.570303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14355.406211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22679.811996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16974.773582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        17178                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        17178                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        17178                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17178                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.558470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 139469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                79985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.743689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    69.049602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.023147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   188.485721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.134863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.492233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.368136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               222165                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              222165                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               124490                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              124489                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         17178                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       111841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       154316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  266157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4128576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4938112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9066688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           385790000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            210380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           236655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19207498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23044366000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 125686                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34287920                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   235314                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    47.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              482724620                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11233423                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023044                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23044366000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1355238                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11233423                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1459459                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           154                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      799879                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           127                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7768303                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           183                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23044355                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23044355                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6788510                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3706074                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1006313                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 101313                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        101313                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               161946                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               80670                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      220166                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11130287                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11130287                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21974835                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8973129                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1458186                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2257703                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     799517                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 34186      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8861653     78.89%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      997      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       707      0.01%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     389      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    36256      0.32%     79.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      770      0.01%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    19868      0.18%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   20720      0.18%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 214      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1438270     12.80%     92.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  797747      7.10%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               19916      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1770      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11233479                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        55019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        24167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           79186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        55019                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        24167                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          79186                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2814                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4915                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7729                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    174399000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    305459000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    479858000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    174399000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    305459000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    479858000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        57833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        86915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        57833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        86915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.048657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.169005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.088926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.048657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.169005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.088926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61975.479744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62148.321465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62085.392677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61975.479744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62148.321465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62085.392677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          329                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              329                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    168771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    295629000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    464400000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    168771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    295629000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    464400000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.048657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.169005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.048657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.169005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59975.479744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60148.321465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60085.392677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59975.479744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60148.321465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60085.392677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1150                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        55019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        24167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          79186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2814                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7729                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    174399000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    305459000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    479858000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        57833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        86915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.048657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.169005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.088926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61975.479744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62148.321465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62085.392677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    168771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    295629000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    464400000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.048657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.169005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59975.479744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60148.321465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60085.392677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13601                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13601                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13601                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13601                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4770.220228                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              10205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             8.873913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     8.199094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1953.576737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2808.444398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.059618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.085707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.145576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6784                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1591                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4994                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.207031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           108450                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          108450                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7676771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7676771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7676771                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7676771                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          91532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              91532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         91532                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             91532                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1774851000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1774851000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1774851000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1774851000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7768303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7768303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19390.497312                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19390.497312                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19390.497312                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19390.497312                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         91532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        91532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1591789000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1591789000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1591789000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1591789000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17390.519163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17390.519163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17390.519163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17390.519163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      91275                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7676771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7676771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         91532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             91532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1774851000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1774851000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7768303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19390.497312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19390.497312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        91532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1591789000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1591789000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17390.519163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17390.519163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.277999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7496801                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 91275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 82.134221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.277999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7859834                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7859834                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7729                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7729                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          329                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        15787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        15787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  15787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       515712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       515712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  515712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             9374000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           41380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          180096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          314560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              494656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       180096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         180096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        21056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            21056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2814                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7729                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7815186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           13650191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               21465377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7815186                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7815186                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          913716                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                913716                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          913716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7815186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          13650191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              22379093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       250.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2814.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4884.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.018500858500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            13                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            13                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                21635                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 209                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7729                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         329                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7729                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       329                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      31                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     79                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      78033750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    38490000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                222371250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10136.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28886.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4629                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      189                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7729                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   329                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7689                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     163.404255                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    122.592120                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    154.393237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1378     44.42%     44.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1086     35.01%     79.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          359     11.57%     91.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          124      4.00%     95.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           72      2.32%     97.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           37      1.19%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      0.58%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.29%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           19      0.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      523.230769                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     216.958639                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     861.827240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              6     46.15%     46.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2     15.38%     61.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2     15.38%     76.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      7.69%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      7.69%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1      7.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.076923                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.047616                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.037749                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 6     46.15%     46.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 7     53.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  492672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    14208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   494656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 21056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         21.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      21.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    23007559000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2855244.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       180096                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       312576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        14208                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7815185.716109525412                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 13564096.317512053996                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 616549.832614184357                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2814                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4915                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          329                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     80544500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    141826750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 340184687750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28622.78                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28855.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1033996011.40                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               8732220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4641285                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             22498140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              287100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1818719760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2459025030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6778278720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11092182255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         481.340309                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17597339250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    769340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4677686750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13416060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7130805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             32465580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              871740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1818719760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3030218040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6297274080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11200096065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.023181                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16340011250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    769340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5935014750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2198646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2198646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2198721                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2198721                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          60561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              60561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         60561                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             60561                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1321403000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1321403000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1321403000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1321403000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2259207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2259207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2259282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2259282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21819.372203                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21819.372203                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21819.372203                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21819.372203                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           21000                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 21000                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         60561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        60561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1200281000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1200281000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1200281000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1200281000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19819.372203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19819.372203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19819.372203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19819.372203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      60305                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1412156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1412156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         47228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             47228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    854340000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    854340000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1459384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1459384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18089.692555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18089.692555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        47228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    759884000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    759884000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16089.692555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16089.692555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         786490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             786490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    467063000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    467063000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       799823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         799823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016670                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016670                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35030.600765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35030.600765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    440397000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    440397000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016670                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016670                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33030.600765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33030.600765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.754807                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2237261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 60305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.099096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.754807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2319843                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2319843                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           33698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           31479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               65177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          33698                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          31479                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              65177                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         57834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         29082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             86916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        57834                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            86916                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    920600000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    673695000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1594295000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    920600000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    673695000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1594295000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        60561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          152093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        60561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         152093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.571466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.571466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15917.972127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23165.360017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18342.940310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15917.972127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23165.360017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18342.940310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          13601                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                13601                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        86916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    804934000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    615531000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1420465000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    804934000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    615531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1420465000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13918.006709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21165.360017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16342.963321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13918.006709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21165.360017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16342.963321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     98083                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          33698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          31479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              65177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        57834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            86916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    920600000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    673695000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1594295000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        60561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         152093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.571466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15917.972127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23165.360017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18342.940310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        86916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    804934000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    615531000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1420465000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13918.006709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21165.360017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16342.963321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        21000                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21000                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        21000                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21000                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.964983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 170601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                98083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.739353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    66.961978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.737698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   193.265306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.130785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.487769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.377471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               271688                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              271688                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               152093                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              152092                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         21000                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       142122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       183063                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  325185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5219904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5857984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 11077888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           457655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            257093000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           302805000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23044366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26822356000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 130543                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34288380                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   243811                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    53.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              500207737                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13073730                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026822                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26822356000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1575890                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13073730                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1699826                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           160                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      931623                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           139                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9063726                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           184                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         26822356                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   26822356                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7919169                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4334652                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1175418                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 113507                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        113507                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               181441                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               90306                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      248938                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12956928                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12956928                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25602448                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10447881                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1698437                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2629626                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     931189                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 38706      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10315792     78.90%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1174      0.01%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       924      0.01%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     429      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    40204      0.31%     79.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      820      0.01%     79.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    22518      0.17%     79.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23357      0.18%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 226      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1676055     12.82%     92.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  929265      7.11%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               22382      0.17%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1924      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13073792                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        65453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        27565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           93018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        65453                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        27565                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          93018                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2879                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5303                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8182                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178921000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    330065000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    508986000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178921000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    330065000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    508986000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       101200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       101200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.042133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.161342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.080850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.042133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.161342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.080850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62146.926016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62241.184235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62208.017600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62146.926016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62241.184235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62208.017600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          340                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              340                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    173163000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    319459000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    492622000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    173163000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    319459000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    492622000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.042133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.161342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.042133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.161342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60146.926016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60241.184235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60208.017600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60146.926016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60241.184235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60208.017600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1165                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        65453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        27565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          93018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178921000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    330065000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    508986000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       101200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.042133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.161342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.080850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62146.926016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62241.184235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62208.017600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    173163000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    319459000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    492622000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.042133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.161342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60146.926016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60241.184235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60208.017600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15261                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15261                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15261                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15261                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26822356000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5085.108143                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             116461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             8388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            13.884239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     7.696504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1995.908438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3081.503202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.060910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.094040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.155185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5629                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.220428                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           124849                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          124849                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26822356000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8955296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8955296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8955296                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8955296                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         108430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             108430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        108430                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            108430                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2075131000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2075131000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2075131000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2075131000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9063726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9063726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9063726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9063726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19137.978419                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19137.978419                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19137.978419                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19137.978419                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        108430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       108430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1858271000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1858271000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1858271000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1858271000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17137.978419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17137.978419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17137.978419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17137.978419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     108174                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8955296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8955296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        108430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            108430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2075131000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2075131000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9063726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9063726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19137.978419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19137.978419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       108430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1858271000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1858271000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17137.978419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17137.978419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26822356000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.379695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9063726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                108430                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 83.590575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.379695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9172156                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9172156                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26822356000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8182                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8182                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          340                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        16704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        16704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  16704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       545408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       545408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  545408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             9882000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           43812250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26822356000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          184256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          339392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              523648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       184256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         184256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        21760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            21760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2879                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           340                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 340                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            6869493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           12653325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               19522819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       6869493                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           6869493                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          811264                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                811264                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          811264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           6869493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          12653325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              20334083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       261.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2879.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5271.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.025494238500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            14                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            14                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                23520                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 226                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8182                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         340                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8182                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       340                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     79                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      83580500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    40750000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                236393000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10255.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29005.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4867                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      201                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  59.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8182                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   340                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3321                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     161.666968                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    120.890233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    153.482674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1525     45.92%     45.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1121     33.75%     79.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          366     11.02%     90.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          143      4.31%     95.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           83      2.50%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           37      1.11%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      0.54%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.27%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           19      0.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3321                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           14                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      562.500000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     243.200403                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     840.952368                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              6     42.86%     42.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2     14.29%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2     14.29%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      7.14%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2     14.29%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1      7.14%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             14                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           14                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.142857                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.113940                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.027105                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 6     42.86%     42.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 8     57.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             14                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  521600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    15360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   523648                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 21760                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         19.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      19.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    26816598000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3146749.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       184256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       337344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        15360                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 6869493.492667087354                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 12576971.239961173385                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 572656.630163286231                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2879                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5303                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          340                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     82893500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    153499500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 481828161750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28792.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28945.79                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1417141652.21                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               8760780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4656465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             22526700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              287100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2116820160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2525639790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8172930240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12851621235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         479.138419                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21222519250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    895440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4704396750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14958300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7946730                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             35664300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              965700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2116820160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3467401770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7379867520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13023624480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         485.551101                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  19149844750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    895440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6777071250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26822356000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26822356000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26822356000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2562925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2562925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2563000                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2563000                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          68387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              68387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         68387                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             68387                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1477859000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1477859000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1477859000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1477859000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2631312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2631312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2631387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2631387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21610.232939                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21610.232939                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21610.232939                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21610.232939                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           23707                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 23707                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         68387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        68387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1341085000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1341085000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1341085000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1341085000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19610.232939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19610.232939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19610.232939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19610.232939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      68131                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1646583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1646583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         53168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             53168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    957483000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    957483000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1699751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1699751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.031280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18008.633012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18008.633012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        53168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    851147000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    851147000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16008.633012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16008.633012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         916342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             916342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        15219                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            15219                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    520376000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    520376000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       931561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         931561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016337                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016337                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34192.522505                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34192.522505                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        15219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    489938000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    489938000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016337                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016337                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32192.522505                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32192.522505                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26822356000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.930195                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2631387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 68387                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 38.477883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.930195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2699774                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2699774                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26822356000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26822356000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26822356000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           40098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           35519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               75617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          40098                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          35519                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              75617                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         68332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         32868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            101200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           101200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1061479000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    746743000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1808222000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1061479000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    746743000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1808222000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        68387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          176817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        68387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         176817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.572343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.572343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15534.142130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22719.453572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17867.806324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15534.142130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22719.453572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17867.806324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          15261                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                15261                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       101200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       101200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    924815000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    681007000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1605822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    924815000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    681007000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1605822000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.572343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.572343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13534.142130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20719.453572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15867.806324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13534.142130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20719.453572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15867.806324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    113804                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          40098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          35519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              75617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           101200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1061479000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    746743000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1808222000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        68387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         176817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.572343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15534.142130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22719.453572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17867.806324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       101200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    924815000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    681007000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1605822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.572343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13534.142130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20719.453572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15867.806324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23707                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23707                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23707                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23707                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26822356000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.251620                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 200524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               114316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.754120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    66.662966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.903479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   192.685175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.130201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.490046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.376338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               314840                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              314840                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26822356000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               176817                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              176817                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         23707                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       160481                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       216860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  377341                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5894016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6939520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12833536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           542150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            295352000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           341935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26822356000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26822356000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26822356000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  26822356000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
