
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                63343976000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 510849                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 694020                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                  1021028                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    19.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             3235890931                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                    10000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      19987027                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.063344                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 63343976000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           2247685                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                    10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      19987027                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1918615                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            35                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1192964                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           252                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    13225106                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         63343976                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   63343976                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             12874502                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             6397636                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1696043                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1076520                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1076520                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1609672                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              843407                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      299328                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              19219849                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     19219849                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            37181688                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           15926175                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1908753                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3100329                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1191576                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                187815      0.94%      0.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  15786856     78.99%     79.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    12979      0.06%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                    164942      0.83%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   14212      0.07%     80.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     6360      0.03%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   200870      1.00%     81.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   166592      0.83%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  195323      0.98%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                  10727      0.05%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               63690      0.32%     84.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               25476      0.13%     84.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              38214      0.19%     84.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt              12738      0.06%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1620066      8.11%     92.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1145743      5.73%     98.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              288687      1.44%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              45833      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   19987123                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    47                       # Number of system calls
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       155164                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        98184                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.tot_requests         311177                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            98184                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        29451                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         61498                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              23385                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6904                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            22547                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8662                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8662                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         23385                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3Dram.mem_side::system.mem_delay-slave        93545                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3Dram.mem_side::total        93545                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  93545                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3Dram.mem_side::system.mem_delay-slave      2492864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3Dram.mem_side::total      2492864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2492864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             32047                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   32047    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               32047                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            89114000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          173929750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63343976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         13088184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total             13088184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        13088184                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total            13088184                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         136922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             136922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        136922                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            136922                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  22713920000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  22713920000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  22713920000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  22713920000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     13225106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total         13225106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     13225106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total        13225106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 165889.484524                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165889.484524                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 165889.484524                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165889.484524                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       136922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        136922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       136922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       136922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  22440076000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22440076000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  22440076000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22440076000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 163889.484524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163889.484524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 163889.484524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163889.484524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     136476                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        13088184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            13088184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        136922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            136922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  22713920000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22713920000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     13225106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        13225106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 165889.484524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165889.484524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       136922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       136922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  22440076000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22440076000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 163889.484524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163889.484524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63343976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               440.011131                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4090998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                136476                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 29.975952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                777000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   440.011131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.859397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.859397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          446                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.871094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses              13362028                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses             13362028                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63343976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_delay.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63343976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1402048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          648960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2051008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1402048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1402048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       441856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           441856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            21907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10140                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                32047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6904                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6904                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           22133881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           10245015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               32378896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      22133881                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          22133881                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         6975502                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               6975502                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         6975502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          22133881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          10245015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              39354397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      6903.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     21907.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     10136.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003686289750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           388                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           388                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                87127                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                6547                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        32047                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6904                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      32047                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6904                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               4124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              7292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             10325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     501504000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   160215000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1102310250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      15650.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 34400.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11994                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5702                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  37.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  32047                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6904                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    32042                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        21233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     117.338859                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     91.419304                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    127.827922                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         13941     65.66%     65.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5325     25.08%     90.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          646      3.04%     93.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          934      4.40%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           90      0.42%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           59      0.28%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           58      0.27%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           44      0.21%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          136      0.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         21233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       82.533505                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      40.996296                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     153.799532                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            292     75.26%     75.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           68     17.53%     92.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           25      6.44%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.52%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.26%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          388                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.750000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.736443                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.675809                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                48     12.37%     12.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      1.29%     13.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               331     85.31%     98.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 4      1.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            388                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2050752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   440768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2051008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                441856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         32.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          6.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      32.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       6.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    63341652000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1626188.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1402048                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       648704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       440768                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 22133880.576110348105                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 10240973.822041105479                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 6958325.445185190998                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        21907                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10140                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6904                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    778098250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    324212000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1486069567250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     35518.25                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31973.57                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 215247619.82                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     45.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             108021060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              57410760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            156694440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            17189460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5000096400.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       17596487100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9505992480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         32441891700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         512.154332                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24541312250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2115100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  36687563750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              43589700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              23168475                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             72092580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            18760680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5000096400.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       10646599650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       15358529280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         31162836765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         491.962121                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  39815718750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2115100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  21413157250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63343976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l3Dram.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            47135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3Dram.demand_hits::.cpu.data             3510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3Dram.demand_hits::total                50645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3Dram.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           47135                       # number of overall hits
system.l3Dram.overall_hits::.cpu.data            3510                       # number of overall hits
system.l3Dram.overall_hits::total               50645                       # number of overall hits
system.l3Dram.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3Dram.demand_misses::.cpu.data          10140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3Dram.demand_misses::total              32047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3Dram.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21907                       # number of overall misses
system.l3Dram.overall_misses::.cpu.data         10140                       # number of overall misses
system.l3Dram.overall_misses::total             32047                       # number of overall misses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  16123222000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7425883000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_latency::total  23549105000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  16123222000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7425883000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_latency::total  23549105000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_accesses::total            82692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_accesses::total           82692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.317300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_rate::total        0.387547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.317300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_rate::total       0.387547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 735984.936322                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 732335.601578                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 734830.249321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 735984.936322                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 732335.601578                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 734830.249321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3Dram.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3Dram.writebacks::.writebacks            6904                       # number of writebacks
system.l3Dram.writebacks::total                  6904                       # number of writebacks
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_misses::total         32047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_misses::total        32047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  15356477000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7070983000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22427460000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  15356477000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7070983000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22427460000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.317300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.387547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.317300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.387547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 700984.936322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 697335.601578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699830.249321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 700984.936322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 697335.601578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699830.249321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.replacements                      32910                       # number of replacements
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8212                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8212                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8212                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8212                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        20506                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        20506                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_hits::total               19                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data           126                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_hits::total               126                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         8662                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_misses::total            8662                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6337667000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   6337667000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8788                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_accesses::total          8788                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.985662                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.985662                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 731663.241746                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 731663.241746                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8662                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         8662                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6034497000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6034497000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.985662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 696663.241746                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 696663.241746                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst        47135                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data         3384                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         50519                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst        21907                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         1478                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        23385                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  16123222000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1088216000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17211438000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4862                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        73904                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.317300                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.303990                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.316424                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 735984.936322                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 736276.048714                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 736003.335471                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21907                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1478                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        23385                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  15356477000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1036486000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16392963000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.317300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.303990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.316424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 700984.936322                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 701276.048714                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701003.335471                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63343976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3Dram.tags.tagsinuse              1993.744733                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3Dram.tags.total_refs                  127325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3Dram.tags.sampled_refs                 32910                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3Dram.tags.avg_refs                  3.868885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3Dram.tags.warmup_cycle                721000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   285.346479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   139.716786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1568.681468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.139329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.068221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.765958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::total        0.973508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          964                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          907                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.tag_accesses                198946                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3Dram.tags.data_accesses               198946                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3Dram.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63343976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              143554                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         28811                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::CleanEvict            248843                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               109                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              109                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExReq              12459                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExResp             12459                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         143554                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        56979                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       410320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  467299                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2098304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8763008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10861312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.snoops                            122599                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bar.snoopTraffic                      967424                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::samples             278721                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::mean              0.352266                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.477677                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::0                   180537     64.77%     64.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::1                    98184     35.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::total               278721                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            338567000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           410766000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            57382000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63343976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           67880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               73321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          67880                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5441                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              73321                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         69042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             82692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13650                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            82692                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  20603669000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8108383000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  28712052000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  20603669000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8108383000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  28712052000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       136922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        19091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          156013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       136922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        19091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         156013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.504243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.714997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.530033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.504243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.714997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.530033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 298422.250225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 594020.732601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 347216.804528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 298422.250225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 594020.732601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 347216.804528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8212                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8212                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  19222829000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7835383000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27058212000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  19222829000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7835383000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27058212000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.504243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.714997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.530033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.504243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.714997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.530033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 278422.250225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 574020.732601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327216.804528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 278422.250225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 574020.732601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327216.804528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     89689                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13695                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13695                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13695                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13695                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        68695                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        68695                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu.data           90                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total              90                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::.cpu.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total            19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu.data          109                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.174312                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.174312                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1075000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1075000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.174312                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.174312                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56578.947368                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56578.947368                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data         3671                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total             3671                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         8788                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           8788                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6702385000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   6702385000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data        12459                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        12459                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.705354                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.705354                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 762674.670005                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 762674.670005                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8788                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         8788                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6526625000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6526625000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.705354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.705354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 742674.670005                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742674.670005                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst        67880                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data         1770                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        69650                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         4862                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        73904                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  20603669000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1405998000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  22009667000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       136922                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6632                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       143554                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.504243                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.733112                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.514817                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 298422.250225                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 289180.995475                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 297814.286101                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4862                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        73904                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  19222829000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1308758000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20531587000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.504243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.733112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.514817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 278422.250225                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 269180.995475                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 277814.286101                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63343976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             1011.776815                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 232860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                89689                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.596305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle               756000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   202.949139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   104.018651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   704.809025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.198193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.101581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.688290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.988063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          752                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               401890                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              401890                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63343976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3092200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3092200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3092245                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3092245                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          19160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              19160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         19238                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             19238                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8280469000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8280469000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8280469000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8280469000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3111360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3111360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3111483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3111483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.006158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.006183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 432174.791232                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 432174.791232                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 430422.549122                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430422.549122                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           13695                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 13695                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total              38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data           38                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total             38                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8225673000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8225673000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8284574000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8284574000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 430168.026357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 430168.026357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 431488.229167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 431488.229167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      18579                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1911938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1911938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1417854000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1417854000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1918492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1918492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 216334.147086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 216334.147086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1404746000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1404746000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 214334.147086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 214334.147086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1180262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1180262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        12606                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            12606                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6862615000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6862615000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1192868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1192868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010568                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.010568                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 544392.749484                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 544392.749484                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12568                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12568                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6820927000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6820927000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010536                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010536                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 542721.753660                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 542721.753660                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            45                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                45                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          123                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           123                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.634146                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.634146                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     58901000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58901000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.634146                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.634146                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 755141.025641                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755141.025641                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63343976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               505.859823                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3060550                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 18579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                164.731686                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               1560000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   505.859823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.988007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          346                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3130574                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3130574                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63343976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63343976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63343976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  63343976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
