
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3947742000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  99890                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34290148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   201189                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              393147928                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1002999                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2020199                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003948                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3947742000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            240618                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1002999                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2020199                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      178450                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           266                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      135882                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           203                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1297454                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           178                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3947731                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3947731                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1579059                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              732123                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       202926                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  91342                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         91342                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               145075                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               65447                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       28341                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1943188                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1943188                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3546721                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1572012                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      177584                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        313448                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     135864                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 23148      1.15%      1.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1619075     80.14%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1189      0.06%     81.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1176      0.06%     81.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     782      0.04%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1870      0.09%     81.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30975      1.53%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       50      0.00%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12648      0.63%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   15123      0.75%     84.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    771      0.04%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   165560      8.19%     92.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  120253      5.95%     98.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               12024      0.60%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              15611      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2020289                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         4365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            6229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4365                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1864                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           6229                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1900                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4757                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6657                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118009000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    290581000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    408590000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118009000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    290581000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    408590000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        12886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        12886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.303272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.718472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.516607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.303272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.718472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.516607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        62110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61084.927475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61377.497371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        62110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61084.927475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61377.497371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1751                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1751                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    114209000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    281067000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    395276000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    114209000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    281067000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    395276000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.303272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.718472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.516607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.303272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.718472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.516607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        60110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59084.927475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59377.497371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        60110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59084.927475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59377.497371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  3596                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           6229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118009000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    290581000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    408590000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        12886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.303272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.718472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.516607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        62110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61084.927475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61377.497371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    114209000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    281067000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    395276000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.303272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.718472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.516607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        60110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59084.927475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59377.497371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3947742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2765.068072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               7348                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             3596                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.043382                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    86.850744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   585.457927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2092.759401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.021204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.142934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.510928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.675065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.834717                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            24507                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           24507                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3947742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1287143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1287143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1287143                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1287143                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          10311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              10311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         10311                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             10311                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    294147000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    294147000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    294147000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    294147000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1297454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1297454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1297454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1297454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28527.494908                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28527.494908                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28527.494908                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28527.494908                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         10311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    273525000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    273525000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    273525000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    273525000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26527.494908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26527.494908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26527.494908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26527.494908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      10055                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1287143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1287143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         10311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             10311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    294147000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    294147000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1297454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1297454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28527.494908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28527.494908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    273525000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    273525000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26527.494908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26527.494908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3947742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               244.756428                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  815513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 10055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 81.105221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   244.756428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.956080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.956080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1307765                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1307765                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3947742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6657                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6657                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1751                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        15065                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        15065                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  15065                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       538112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       538112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  538112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15412000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           35530750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3947742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          121600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          304448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              426048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       121600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         121600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       112064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           112064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4757                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6657                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1751                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1751                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           30802418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           77119528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              107921946                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      30802418                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          30802418                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        28386860                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              28386860                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        28386860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          30802418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          77119528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             136308806                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1744.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1900.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4736.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001446866500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           103                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           103                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                15960                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1623                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6657                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1751                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6657                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1751                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 92                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                92                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      62441750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    33180000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                186866750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9409.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28159.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4703                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1298                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  70.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6657                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1751                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6626                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2361                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     226.670055                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    141.318658                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    263.161328                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1072     45.40%     45.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          629     26.64%     72.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          227      9.61%     81.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          115      4.87%     86.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           73      3.09%     89.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           46      1.95%     91.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           44      1.86%     93.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           22      0.93%     94.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          133      5.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2361                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          103                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       64.398058                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      41.900918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     150.462838                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              82     79.61%     79.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            14     13.59%     93.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            4      3.88%     97.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.97%     98.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.97%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.97%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            103                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          103                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.757282                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.730836                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.954515                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                62     60.19%     60.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      3.88%     64.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                37     35.92%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            103                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  424704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   110464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   426048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                112064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        107.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         27.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     107.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      28.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3594010000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      427451.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       121600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       303104                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       110464                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 30802418.192475598305                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 76779080.294507592916                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 27981565.158006779850                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1900                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4757                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1751                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     54646250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    132220500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  79782211000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28761.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27794.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  45563798.40                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     71.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9467640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5032170                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             26132400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             4875480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      311622480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         882435810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         772880160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2012446140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         509.771444                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2000386500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    131673250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1815682250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7389900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3927825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             21248640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4134240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      311622480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         737813130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         894667680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1980803895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         501.756167                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2318137250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    131673250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1497931500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3947742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3947742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3947742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           304309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               304309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          304942                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              304942                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9300                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9300                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    435150000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    435150000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    447466000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    447466000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       313268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           313268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       314242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          314242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.029595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48571.269115                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48571.269115                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48114.623656                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48114.623656                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5741                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5741                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    417234000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    417234000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    428868000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    428868000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46571.492354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46571.492354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46114.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46114.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9043                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          172868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              172868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    159132000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    159132000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       177459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          177459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34661.729471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34661.729471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    149950000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    149950000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32661.729471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32661.729471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         131441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             131441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    276018000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    276018000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       135809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         135809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63190.934066                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63190.934066                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4368                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4368                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    267284000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    267284000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032163                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032163                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61191.391941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61191.391941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           633                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               633                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          341                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             341                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12316000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     12316000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          974                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           974                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.350103                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.350103                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36117.302053                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36117.302053                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          341                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          341                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11634000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11634000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.350103                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350103                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34117.302053                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34117.302053                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3947742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.195685                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  231420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.591065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.195685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                323541                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               323541                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3947742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3947742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3947742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                6724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4046                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2678                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               6724                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          6265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             12887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            12887                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    195654000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    367140000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    562794000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    195654000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    367140000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    562794000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           19611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          19611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.657131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.657131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31229.688747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55442.464512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43671.451851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31229.688747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55442.464512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43671.451851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4606                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4606                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    183124000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    353898000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    537022000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    183124000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    353898000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    537022000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29229.688747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53442.766536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41671.607046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29229.688747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53442.766536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41671.607046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     15478                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               6724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            12887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    195654000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    367140000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    562794000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          19611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.657131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31229.688747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55442.464512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43671.451851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    183124000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    353898000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    537022000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29229.688747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53442.766536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41671.607046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3947742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.638456                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  24447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                15478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.579468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   133.784166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   106.434249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   263.420041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.261297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.207879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.514492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.983669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                41342                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               41342                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3947742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                19611                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               19610                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5741                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        24340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        20622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   44962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       962560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       659904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1622464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            51555000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             48316000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            46495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3947742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3947742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3947742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3947742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8135584000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 105576                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34312660                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   207730                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    18.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              429450692                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000015                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3935255                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008136                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8135584000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            454576                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000015                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3935255                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      430003                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           447                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      299868                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           326                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2614400                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           267                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8135573                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8135573                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2552559                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1309945                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       346026                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 113732                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        113732                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               172175                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               72144                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       66415                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3847527                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3847527                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7343567                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3114276                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      429097                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        728947                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     299850                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 26430      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3100027     78.77%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4899      0.12%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      6670      0.17%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1279      0.03%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1870      0.05%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    32279      0.82%     80.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       50      0.00%     80.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13096      0.33%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   19050      0.48%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    771      0.02%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   416601     10.59%     92.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  268994      6.84%     98.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               12496      0.32%     99.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              30856      0.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3935402                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    32                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           13095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6744                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6351                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          13095                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         11579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3686                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7893                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        11579                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    243938000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    496522000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    740460000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    243938000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    496522000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    740460000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        24674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        24674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.353404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.554128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.469279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.353404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.554128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.469279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66179.598481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62906.626124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63948.527507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66179.598481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62906.626124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63948.527507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3814                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3814                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        11579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        11579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    236566000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    480736000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    717302000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    236566000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    480736000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    717302000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.353404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.554128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.353404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.554128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64179.598481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60906.626124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61948.527507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64179.598481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60906.626124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61948.527507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  8449                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         6351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          13095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        11579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    243938000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    496522000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    740460000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        24674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.353404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.554128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.469279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66179.598481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62906.626124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63948.527507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    236566000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    480736000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    717302000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.353404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.554128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64179.598481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60906.626124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61948.527507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9880                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9880                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9880                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9880                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8135584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3200.095277                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              21608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             8449                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.557462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   127.399605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   760.465900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2312.229771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.031103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.185661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.564509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.781273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3927                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          849                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2986                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.958740                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            46930                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           46930                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8135584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2596903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2596903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2596903                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2596903                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          17497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              17497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         17497                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             17497                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    541180000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    541180000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    541180000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    541180000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2614400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2614400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.006693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.006693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30929.873693                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30929.873693                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30929.873693                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30929.873693                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         17497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    506186000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    506186000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    506186000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    506186000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28929.873693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28929.873693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28929.873693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28929.873693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      17241                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2596903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2596903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         17497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             17497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    541180000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    541180000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2614400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30929.873693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30929.873693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    506186000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    506186000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28929.873693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28929.873693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8135584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.544126                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2419501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 17241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                140.334145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.544126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.978688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.978688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2631897                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2631897                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8135584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               11579                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11579                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3814                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        26972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        26972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  26972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       985152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       985152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  985152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            30649000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           62284750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8135584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          235904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          505152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              741056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       235904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         235904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       244096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           244096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3686                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7893                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                11579                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3814                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3814                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           28996566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           62091670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               91088237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      28996566                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          28996566                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        30003501                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              30003501                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        30003501                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          28996566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          62091670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             121091737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3736.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3686.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7828.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003416681750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           220                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           220                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                28781                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3489                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        11579                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3814                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      11579                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3814                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      65                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     78                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.24                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     138708250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    57570000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                354595750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12046.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30796.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6884                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2644                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  59.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 70.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  11579                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3814                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5690                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     171.169069                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    112.439336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    212.698058                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3328     58.49%     58.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1279     22.48%     80.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          420      7.38%     88.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          200      3.51%     91.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          126      2.21%     94.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           78      1.37%     95.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           55      0.97%     96.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           36      0.63%     97.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          168      2.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5690                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          220                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       52.209091                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      39.268637                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     104.667257                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             182     82.73%     82.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            29     13.18%     95.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            6      2.73%     98.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.45%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.45%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            220                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          220                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.850000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.822001                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.979353                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               123     55.91%     55.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 8      3.64%     59.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                88     40.00%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            220                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  736896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4160                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   237248                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   741056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                244096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         90.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         29.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      91.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      30.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8134252000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      528438.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       235904                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       500992                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       237248                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 28996566.196108356118                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 61580336.457714654505                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 29161766.383335236460                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3686                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7893                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3814                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    120751250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    233844500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 183459312750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     32759.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29626.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  48101550.28                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     62.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              17949960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9536835                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             40619460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10622700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      641684160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1740041280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1658766720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4119221115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         506.321503                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4295399000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    271440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3568745000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              22698060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              12056715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             41590500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             8727840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      641684160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1647614640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1736599680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4110971595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         505.307498                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4497523500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    271440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3366620500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8135584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8135584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8135584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           700804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               700804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          701535                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              701535                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          27779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              27779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         28189                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             28189                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    943894000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    943894000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    961122000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    961122000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       728583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           728583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       729724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          729724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33978.688938                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33978.688938                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34095.640143                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34095.640143                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           13736                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 13736                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         27779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    888338000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    888338000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    904746000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    904746000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31978.760935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31978.760935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32095.711093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32095.711093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      27932                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          411101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              411101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         17730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             17730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    441530000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    441530000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       428831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          428831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.041345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24902.989284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24902.989284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    406072000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    406072000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22903.102087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22903.102087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         289703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             289703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10049                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    502364000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    502364000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       299752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         299752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49991.441935                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49991.441935                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    482266000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    482266000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033524                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033524                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47991.441935                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47991.441935                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     17228000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     17228000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42019.512195                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42019.512195                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     16408000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16408000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40019.512195                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40019.512195                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8135584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.153980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  714188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 27932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.568810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.153980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                757912                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               757912                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8135584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8135584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8135584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               21011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7067                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13944                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              21011                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         10430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         14245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             24675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            24675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    372156000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    665908000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1038064000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    372156000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    665908000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1038064000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        28189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           45686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        28189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          45686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.540100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.540100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35681.303931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46746.788347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42069.463019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35681.303931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46746.788347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42069.463019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9880                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9880                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        24675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    351296000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    637420000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    988716000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    351296000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    637420000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    988716000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33681.303931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44746.928747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40069.544073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33681.303931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44746.928747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40069.544073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     31494                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              21011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            24675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    372156000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    665908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1038064000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          45686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.540100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35681.303931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46746.788347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42069.463019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    351296000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    637420000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    988716000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33681.303931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44746.928747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40069.544073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13736                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13736                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13736                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13736                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8135584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.942612                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  57766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                31494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.834191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   139.147885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   120.729901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.064826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.271773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.235801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.484502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                91428                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               91428                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8135584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                45686                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               45685                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         13736                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        70113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        34994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  105107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2683136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1119808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3802944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            87485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            114366000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           140940000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8135584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8135584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8135584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8135584000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12964678000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 105591                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34318984                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   209652                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    28.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              456310475                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000026                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5956605                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012965                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12964678000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            650443                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000026                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5956605                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      702544                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           813                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      500460                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           492                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3917639                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           290                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12964667                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12964667                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3567703                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1867917                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       469884                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 216515                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        216515                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               325436                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              135647                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      120025                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5803328                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5803328                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11405889                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4700389                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      701349                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1201774                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     500425                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 41173      0.69%      0.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4553444     76.44%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    15990      0.27%     77.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     16979      0.29%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2482      0.04%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     5110      0.09%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    56400      0.95%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       74      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    25728      0.43%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   36863      0.62%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    774      0.01%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   676197     11.35%     91.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  439681      7.38%     98.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               25152      0.42%     98.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              60744      1.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5956825                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        17111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        11430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           28541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        17111                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        11430                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          28541                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        14401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         19862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5461                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        14401                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        19862                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    370552000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    933299000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1303851000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    370552000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    933299000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1303851000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        25831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        48403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        25831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        48403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.557508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.410346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.557508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.410346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67854.239150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64807.930005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65645.503977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67854.239150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64807.930005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65645.503977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         9055                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             9055                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        19862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        19862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    359630000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    904497000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1264127000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    359630000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    904497000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1264127000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.557508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.410346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.557508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.410346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65854.239150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62807.930005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63645.503977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65854.239150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62807.930005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63645.503977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 18038                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        17111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        11430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          28541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        14401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        19862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    370552000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    933299000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1303851000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        25831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        48403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.557508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.410346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67854.239150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64807.930005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65645.503977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    359630000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    904497000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1264127000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.557508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.410346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65854.239150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62807.930005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63645.503977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        18254                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        18254                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        18254                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        18254                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12964678000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3501.562135                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              51004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            18038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.827586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   138.929504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   704.032394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2658.600237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.033918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.171883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.649072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.854874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4081                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1015                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2900                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996338                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            88776                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           88776                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12964678000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3875050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3875050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3875050                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3875050                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          42589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              42589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         42589                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             42589                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1090205000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1090205000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1090205000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1090205000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3917639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3917639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25598.276550                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25598.276550                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25598.276550                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25598.276550                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         42589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1005027000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1005027000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1005027000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1005027000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23598.276550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23598.276550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23598.276550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23598.276550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      42333                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3875050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3875050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         42589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             42589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1090205000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1090205000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3917639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25598.276550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25598.276550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1005027000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1005027000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23598.276550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23598.276550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12964678000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.576334                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3660407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 42333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 86.466988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.576334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.986626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3960228                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3960228                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12964678000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               19862                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              19862                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9055                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        48779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        48779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  48779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1850688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1850688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1850688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            65137000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          107372000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12964678000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          349504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          921664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1271168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       349504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         349504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       579520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           579520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            14401                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                19862                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          9055                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                9055                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           26958170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           71090389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               98048559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      26958170                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          26958170                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        44699915                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              44699915                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        44699915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          26958170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          71090389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             142748474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      8297.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5461.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     14195.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003416681750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           484                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           484                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                51433                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                7800                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        19862                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        9055                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      19862                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      9055                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     206                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    758                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     273833250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    98280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                642383250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13931.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 32681.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9962                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5596                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  50.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 67.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  19862                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  9055                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    19638                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        12373                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     144.474582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    101.760259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    172.831851                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7887     63.74%     63.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2466     19.93%     83.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1029      8.32%     91.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          358      2.89%     94.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          199      1.61%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          110      0.89%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           84      0.68%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           59      0.48%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          181      1.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         12373                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          484                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       40.603306                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      33.399788                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      71.796005                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             439     90.70%     90.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            36      7.44%     98.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            6      1.24%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.21%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.21%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.21%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            484                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          484                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.097107                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.067884                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.997342                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               215     44.42%     44.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                11      2.27%     46.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               254     52.48%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 4      0.83%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            484                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1257984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    13184                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   529600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1271168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                579520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         97.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         40.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      98.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      44.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12963931000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      448315.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       349504                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       908480                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       529600                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 26958170.499876663089                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 70073471.936595723033                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 40849452.643559679389                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5461                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        14401                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         9055                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    187903500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    454479750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 299967622750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34408.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31558.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  33127291.30                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     55.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              36756720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              19536660                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             64874040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            23328180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1023375600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3395950560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2118688800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6682510560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         515.439763                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5475479750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    432900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7056298250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              51586500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              27418875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             75469800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            19867320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1023375600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3519088230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2014993920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6731800245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         519.241607                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5202039000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    432900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7329739000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12964678000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12964678000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12964678000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1154596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1154596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1155327                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1155327                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          47047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              47047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         47457                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             47457                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1703279000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1703279000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1720507000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1720507000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1201643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1201643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1202784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1202784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.039152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.039456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36203.774948                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36203.774948                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36254.019428                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36254.019428                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           23718                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 23718                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         47047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1609187000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1609187000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1625595000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1625595000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34203.817459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34203.817459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34254.061572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34254.061572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      47200                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          670333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              670333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         31039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             31039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    805596000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    805596000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       701372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          701372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.044255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25954.315539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25954.315539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    743520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    743520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23954.379974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23954.379974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         484263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             484263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    897683000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    897683000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       500271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         500271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031999                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031999                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56077.148926                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56077.148926                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    865667000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    865667000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54077.148926                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54077.148926                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     17228000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     17228000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42019.512195                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42019.512195                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     16408000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16408000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40019.512195                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40019.512195                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12964678000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.841587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1186145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 47200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.130191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.841587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1250240                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1250240                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12964678000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12964678000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12964678000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           20017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           21625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               41642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          20017                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          21625                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              41642                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         25832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48404                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    653066000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1240300000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1893366000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    653066000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1240300000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1893366000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           90046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          90046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.537547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.537547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28932.571327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48014.091050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39115.899512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28932.571327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48014.091050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39115.899512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          18254                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                18254                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    607922000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1188638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1796560000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    607922000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1188638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1796560000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26932.571327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46014.168473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37115.940831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26932.571327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46014.168473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37115.940831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     61262                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          20017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          21625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              41642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    653066000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1240300000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1893366000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          90046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.537547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28932.571327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48014.091050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39115.899512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    607922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1188638000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1796560000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26932.571327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46014.168473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37115.940831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12964678000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.453911                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 112091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                61262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.829699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   137.615713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   102.024658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   269.813541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.268781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.199267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.526980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               175538                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              175538                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12964678000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                90046                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               90045                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         23718                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       118631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        85178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  203809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4555136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2725696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7280832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           212945000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            208636000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           237280000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12964678000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12964678000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12964678000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12964678000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17693646000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 106988                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34322528                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   213657                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    37.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              473244771                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000032                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7988194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017694                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17693646000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            848693                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000032                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7988194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      963666                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          1636                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      669007                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           694                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5208260                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           297                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17693635                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17693635                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4705712                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2469517                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       597211                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 327688                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        327688                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               502201                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              216712                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      174808                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7750704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7750704                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15428314                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6304533                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      962208                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1631161                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     668953                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 59935      0.75%      0.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6041717     75.63%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    23656      0.30%     76.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     28382      0.36%     77.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3307      0.04%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     9062      0.11%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    92052      1.15%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       80      0.00%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    42536      0.53%     78.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   54598      0.68%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1946      0.02%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   920110     11.52%     91.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  590957      7.40%     98.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               42098      0.53%     99.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              77996      0.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7988466                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        30164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        18541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           48705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        30164                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        18541                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          48705                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         7706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        19725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         27431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7706                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        19725                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        27431                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    528277000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1292410000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1820687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    528277000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1292410000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1820687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        76136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        76136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.515471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.360289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.515471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.360289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68553.983909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65521.419518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66373.336736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68553.983909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65521.419518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66373.336736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        13415                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            13415                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        27431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        27431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    512865000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1252960000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1765825000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    512865000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1252960000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1765825000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.515471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.515471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66553.983909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63521.419518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64373.336736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66553.983909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63521.419518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64373.336736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 26611                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        30164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        18541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          48705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        19725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        27431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    528277000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1292410000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1820687000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        76136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.515471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.360289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68553.983909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65521.419518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66373.336736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    512865000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1252960000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1765825000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.515471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66553.983909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63521.419518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64373.336736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        24822                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        24822                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        24822                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        24822                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17693646000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3659.285219                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              81436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            26611                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.060238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   140.900190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   629.964538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2888.420491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.034399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.153800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.705181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3068                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           131665                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          131665                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17693646000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5138594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5138594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5138594                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5138594                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          69666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              69666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         69666                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             69666                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1711595000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1711595000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1711595000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1711595000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5208260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5208260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24568.584388                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24568.584388                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24568.584388                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24568.584388                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         69666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1572263000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1572263000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1572263000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1572263000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22568.584388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22568.584388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22568.584388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22568.584388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      69410                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5138594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5138594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         69666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             69666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1711595000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1711595000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5208260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24568.584388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24568.584388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1572263000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1572263000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22568.584388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22568.584388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17693646000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.491375                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4853464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 69410                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 69.924564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.491375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5277926                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5277926                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17693646000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               27431                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              27431                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        13415                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        68277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        68277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  68277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2614144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2614144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2614144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            94506000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          148622000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17693646000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          493184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1262400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1755584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       493184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         493184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       858560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           858560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7706                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            19725                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                27431                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         13415                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               13415                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           27873509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           71347646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               99221155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      27873509                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          27873509                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        48523634                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              48523634                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        48523634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          27873509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          71347646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             147744789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     12287.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7706.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     19320.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003416681750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           714                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           714                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                71645                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               11562                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        27431                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       13415                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      27431                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     13415                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     405                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1128                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               4401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     401285000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   135130000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                908022500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      14848.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 33598.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     12572                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     8047                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  46.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 65.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  27431                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 13415                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    27007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        18671                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     134.673879                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     98.385519                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    155.078878                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         12113     64.88%     64.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3869     20.72%     85.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1481      7.93%     93.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          462      2.47%     96.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          248      1.33%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          133      0.71%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          103      0.55%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           73      0.39%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          189      1.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         18671                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       37.837535                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      32.461596                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      59.514176                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             667     93.42%     93.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            38      5.32%     98.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            6      0.84%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.14%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.14%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.14%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.177871                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.148490                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.999586                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               293     41.04%     41.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                12      1.68%     42.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               398     55.74%     98.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                11      1.54%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1729664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    25920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   784960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1755584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                858560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         97.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         44.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      99.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      48.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17692603000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      433153.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       493184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1236480                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       784960                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 27873508.942136630416                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 69882713.828455701470                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 44363948.504451826215                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7706                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        19725                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        13415                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    270471500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    637551000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 411873738750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     35098.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     32321.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  30702477.73                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     52.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              54906600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              29179755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             88714500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            33825600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1396462080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4919147880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2651919840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9174156255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         518.500045                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6847288750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    590720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10255637250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              78411480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              41676690                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            104251140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            30197700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1396462080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5145710340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2461130400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9257839830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         523.229629                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6345249250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    590720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10757676750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17693646000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17693646000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17693646000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1564284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1564284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1565015                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1565015                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          66976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              66976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         67386                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             67386                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2400608000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2400608000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2417836000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2417836000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1631260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1631260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1632401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1632401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.041058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.041280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35842.809365                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35842.809365                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35880.390586                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35880.390586                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           32096                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 32096                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        66976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         66976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2266658000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2266658000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2283066000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2283066000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33842.839226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33842.839226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33880.420265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33880.420265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      67129                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          916071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              916071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         46423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             46423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1217460000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1217460000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       962494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          962494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.048232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26225.362428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26225.362428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1124616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1124616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24225.405510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24225.405510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         648213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             648213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        20553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            20553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1183148000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1183148000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       668766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         668766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030733                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030733                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57565.708169                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57565.708169                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        20553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1142042000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1142042000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030733                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030733                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55565.708169                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55565.708169                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     17228000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     17228000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42019.512195                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42019.512195                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     16408000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16408000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40019.512195                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40019.512195                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17693646000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.151195                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1614803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 67129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 24.055222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.151195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1699786                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1699786                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17693646000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17693646000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17693646000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           31796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           29119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               60915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          31796                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          29119                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              60915                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         37870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         38267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             76137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            76137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1005175000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1750418000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2755593000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1005175000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1750418000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2755593000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          137052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         137052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.555534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.555534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26542.777924                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45742.232211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36192.560779                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26542.777924                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45742.232211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36192.560779                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          24822                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                24822                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        76137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        76137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    929435000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1673886000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2603321000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    929435000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1673886000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2603321000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24542.777924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43742.284475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34192.587047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24542.777924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43742.284475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34192.587047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     93821                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          31796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          29119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              60915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            76137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1005175000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1750418000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2755593000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         137052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.555534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26542.777924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45742.232211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36192.560779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        76137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    929435000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1673886000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2603321000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24542.777924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43742.284475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34192.587047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17693646000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.134403                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 167659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                93821                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.787009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   134.488254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   101.815365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   273.830783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.262672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.198858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.534826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          358                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               263481                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              263481                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17693646000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               137052                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              137051                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         32096                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       166867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       139332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  306199                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6366784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4458624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10825408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           348330000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            297532000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           336925000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17693646000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17693646000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17693646000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17693646000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                22383224000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 111662                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34332312                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   222554                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    44.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              499866638                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9965607                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.022383                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 22383224000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1055108                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9965607                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1148432                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2240                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      865766                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           934                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6485913                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           364                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         22383213                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   22383213                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5795752                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3170350                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       757534                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 400785                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        400785                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               612618                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              264838                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      209194                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9678803                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9678803                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19082946                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7846687                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1146734                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2012400                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     865666                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 70202      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7565946     75.92%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    34403      0.35%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     34245      0.34%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4101      0.04%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10940      0.11%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110866      1.11%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      164      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    52686      0.53%     79.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   67696      0.68%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2248      0.02%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1094322     10.98%     90.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  770883      7.74%     98.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               52412      0.53%     99.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              94783      0.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9965931                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        38410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        22709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           61119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        38410                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        22709                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          61119                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        10014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        29262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         39276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        10014                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        29262                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        39276                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    694504000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1903801000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2598305000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    694504000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1903801000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2598305000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        51971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       100395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        51971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       100395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.391215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.391215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69353.305372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65060.522179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66155.031062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69353.305372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65060.522179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66155.031062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        21078                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            21078                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        39276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        39276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    674476000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1845277000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2519753000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    674476000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1845277000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2519753000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67353.305372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63060.522179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64155.031062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67353.305372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63060.522179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64155.031062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 39571                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        38410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        22709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          61119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        10014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        29262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        39276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    694504000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1903801000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2598305000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        51971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       100395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.391215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69353.305372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65060.522179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66155.031062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    674476000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1845277000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2519753000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67353.305372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63060.522179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64155.031062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34644                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34644                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34644                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34644                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22383224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3750.782674                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             127381                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            39571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.219049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   155.551914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   582.627260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3012.603501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.037977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.142243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.735499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.915718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          334                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          330                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           178706                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          178706                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22383224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6398049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6398049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6398049                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6398049                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          87864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              87864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         87864                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             87864                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2188845000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2188845000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2188845000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2188845000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6485913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6485913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24911.738596                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24911.738596                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24911.738596                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24911.738596                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         87864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        87864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2013117000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2013117000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2013117000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2013117000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22911.738596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22911.738596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22911.738596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22911.738596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      87608                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6398049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6398049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         87864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             87864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2188845000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2188845000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6485913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24911.738596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24911.738596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        87864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2013117000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2013117000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22911.738596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22911.738596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22383224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.016965                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6114714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 87608                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 69.796297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.016965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6573777                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6573777                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22383224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               39276                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              39276                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        21078                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        99630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        99630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  99630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3862656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3862656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3862656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           144666000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          212449250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22383224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          640896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1872768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2513664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       640896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         640896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1348992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1348992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            10014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            29262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                39276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         21078                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               21078                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           28632873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           83668376                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              112301248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      28632873                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          28632873                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        60267994                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              60267994                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        60267994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          28632873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          83668376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             172569242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     19661.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     10014.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     28788.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003416681750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1134                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1134                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               103924                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               18531                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        39276                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       21078                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      39276                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     21078                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     474                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1417                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               5708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     563284500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   194010000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1290822000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      14516.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 33266.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     19295                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    13423                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  49.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 68.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  39276                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 21078                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    38781                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        25717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     145.363145                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    101.528413                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    178.282470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         16468     64.04%     64.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5183     20.15%     84.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2049      7.97%     92.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          653      2.54%     94.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          371      1.44%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          236      0.92%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          192      0.75%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          130      0.51%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          435      1.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         25717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1134                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       34.207231                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      29.961644                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      48.099139                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            1079     95.15%     95.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            45      3.97%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7      0.62%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.09%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.09%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1134                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1134                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.314815                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.287156                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.968439                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               390     34.39%     34.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                16      1.41%     35.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               709     62.52%     98.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                19      1.68%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1134                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2483328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    30336                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1256640                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2513664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1348992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        110.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         56.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     112.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      60.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    22383004000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      370861.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       640896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1842432                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1256640                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 28632872.547761663795                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 82313075.185236945748                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 56142046.382594391704                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        10014                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        29262                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        21078                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    359371000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    931451000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 523510717250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     35886.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31831.42                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  24836830.69                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     55.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              78818460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              41893005                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            127913100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            51062040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1766475360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6455651280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3158820480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11680633725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         521.847689                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8148283000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    747240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  13487701000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             104815200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              55703010                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            149133180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            51432660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1766475360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6733541100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2924808000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11785908510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         526.550979                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7532133000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    747240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  14103851000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22383224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22383224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22383224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1926017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1926017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1927859                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1927859                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          85218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              85218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         86015                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             86015                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3298467000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3298467000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3344561000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3344561000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2011235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2011235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2013874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2013874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.042371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.042711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38706.224037                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38706.224037                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38883.462187                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38883.462187                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           43140                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 43140                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        85218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         85218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        86015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3128033000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3128033000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3172533000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3172533000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36706.247506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36706.247506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36883.485439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36883.485439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      85758                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1089701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1089701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         56054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             56054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1506239000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1506239000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1145755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1145755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.048923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26871.213473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26871.213473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1394131000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1394131000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24871.213473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24871.213473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         836316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             836316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        29164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            29164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1792228000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1792228000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       865480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         865480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033697                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033697                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61453.435743                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61453.435743                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1733902000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1733902000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033697                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033697                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59453.504320                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59453.504320                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     46094000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     46094000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57834.378921                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57834.378921                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     44500000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44500000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55834.378921                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55834.378921                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22383224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.329031                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2009784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 85758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.435528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.329031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2099888                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2099888                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22383224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22383224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22383224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           39440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           34043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               73483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          39440                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          34043                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              73483                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         48424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         51972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            100396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           100396                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1303988000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2520900000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3824888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1303988000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2520900000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3824888000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        86015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          173879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        86015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         173879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.577390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.577390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26928.547828                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48504.964211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38098.011873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26928.547828                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48504.964211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38098.011873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          34644                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                34644                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1207140000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2416958000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3624098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1207140000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2416958000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3624098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24928.547828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46505.002694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36098.031794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24928.547828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46505.002694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36098.031794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    122192                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          39440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          34043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              73483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           100396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1303988000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2520900000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3824888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        86015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         173879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.577390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26928.547828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48504.964211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38098.011873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1207140000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2416958000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3624098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24928.547828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46505.002694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36098.031794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22383224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.525270                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 216250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               122192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.769756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   126.453120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    97.391607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   286.680542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.246979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.190218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.559923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          334                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               339723                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              339723                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22383224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               173879                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              173878                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         43140                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       215169                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       175728                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  390897                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8265856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5623296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13889152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           439320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            389579000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           430070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22383224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22383224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22383224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  22383224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                27053503000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 116770                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34346540                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   231760                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    51.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              526480989                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000283                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11909122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.027054                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 27053503000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1314536                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000283                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11909122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1321074                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2322                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1021912                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1071                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7828993                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           443                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         27053492                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   27053492                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7074704                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3885654                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       972127                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 403600                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        403600                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               616283                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              266058                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      237353                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11616183                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11616183                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22533962                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9370948                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1319362                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2341175                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1021813                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 71468      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9176702     77.05%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    35108      0.29%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35108      0.29%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4151      0.03%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10940      0.09%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   111250      0.93%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      164      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    52870      0.44%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   68230      0.57%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2248      0.02%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1266748     10.64%     90.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  925619      7.77%     98.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               52614      0.44%     99.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96194      0.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11909448                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        39312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        22969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           62281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        39312                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        22969                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          62281                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        16415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         51249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        16415                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34834                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        51249                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1170880000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2243284000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   3414164000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1170880000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2243284000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   3414164000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        55727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       113530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        55727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       113530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.294561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.602633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.451414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.294561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.602633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.451414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71329.881206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64399.265086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66619.134032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71329.881206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64399.265086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66619.134032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        27150                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            27150                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        51249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        51249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1138050000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2173616000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3311666000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1138050000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2173616000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3311666000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.294561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.602633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.294561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.602633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69329.881206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62399.265086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64619.134032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69329.881206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62399.265086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64619.134032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 51859                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        39312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        22969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          62281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        16415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        51249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1170880000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2243284000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3414164000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        55727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       113530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.294561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.602633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.451414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71329.881206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64399.265086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66619.134032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1138050000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2173616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3311666000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.294561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.602633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69329.881206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62399.265086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64619.134032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        40388                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        40388                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        40388                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        40388                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27053503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3810.377959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             145694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            51859                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.809426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   148.588980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   548.913043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3112.875935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.036277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.134012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.759979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.930268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4047                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           209873                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          209873                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27053503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7713843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7713843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7713843                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7713843                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         115150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             115150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        115150                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            115150                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3091073000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3091073000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3091073000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3091073000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7828993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7828993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7828993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7828993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.014708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.014708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26843.881893                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26843.881893                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26843.881893                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26843.881893                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        115150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       115150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2860775000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2860775000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2860775000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2860775000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24843.899262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24843.899262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24843.899262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24843.899262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     114893                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7713843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7713843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        115150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            115150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3091073000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3091073000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7828993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7828993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.014708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26843.881893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26843.881893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       115150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2860775000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2860775000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24843.899262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24843.899262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27053503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.359299                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7544664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                114893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 65.666873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.359299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7944142                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7944142                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27053503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               51249                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              51249                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        27150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       129648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       129648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 129648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      5017536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      5017536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5017536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           186999000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          277389500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27053503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1050560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2229376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3279936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1050560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1050560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1737600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1737600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            16415                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34834                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                51249                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         27150                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               27150                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           38832679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           82406186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              121238865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      38832679                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          38832679                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        64228281                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              64228281                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        64228281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          38832679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          82406186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             185467146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     25722.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     16415.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34359.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005319860750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1477                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1477                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               135033                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               24282                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        51249                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       27150                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      51249                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     27150                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     475                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1428                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              5339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     754481250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   253870000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1706493750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      14859.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 33609.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     26306                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    18547                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  51.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 72.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  51249                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 27150                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    50753                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    1011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    1032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        31617                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     154.790651                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    105.384522                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    196.941399                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         19032     60.20%     60.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7613     24.08%     84.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2212      7.00%     91.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          755      2.39%     93.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          449      1.42%     95.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          311      0.98%     96.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          243      0.77%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          196      0.62%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          806      2.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         31617                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1477                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       34.330399                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      27.121207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      83.643450                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           1462     98.98%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8      0.54%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.07%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.07%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.07%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.07%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            2      0.14%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1477                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1477                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.398781                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.372807                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.937808                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               446     30.20%     30.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                21      1.42%     31.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               986     66.76%     98.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                23      1.56%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1477                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3249536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    30400                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1644672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3279936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1737600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        120.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         60.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     121.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      64.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    27051419000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      345048.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1050560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2198976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1644672                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 38832679.080413356423                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 81282486.781841158867                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 60793310.204597167671                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        16415                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34834                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        27150                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    621137000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1085356750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 629493588500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     37839.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31157.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  23185767.53                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     58.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             111883800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              59460060                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            188360340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            65766780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2135259360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7944824730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3698166720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14203721790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         525.023388                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9532927750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    903240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  16617335250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             113875860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              60526455                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            174166020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            68376780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2135259360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7267859670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4268242560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14088306705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         520.757209                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11015691000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    903240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  15134572000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27053503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27053503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27053503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2248520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2248520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2250362                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2250362                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          91501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              91501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         92298                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             92298                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3744466000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3744466000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3790560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3790560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2340021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2340021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2342660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2342660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.039103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.039399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40922.678441                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40922.678441                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41068.712215                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41068.712215                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           48810                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 48810                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        91501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         91501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        92298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3561464000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3561464000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3605964000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3605964000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38922.678441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38922.678441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39068.712215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39068.712215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      92042                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1261482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1261482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         56915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             56915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1541559000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1541559000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1318397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1318397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.043170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27085.285074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27085.285074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1427729000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1427729000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25085.285074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25085.285074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         987038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             987038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34586                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34586                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2202907000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2202907000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1021624                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1021624                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033854                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033854                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63693.604349                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63693.604349                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2133735000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2133735000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033854                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033854                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61693.604349                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61693.604349                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     46094000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     46094000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57834.378921                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57834.378921                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     44500000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44500000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55834.378921                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55834.378921                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27053503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.444861                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2112959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 92042                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.956466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.444861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2434958                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2434958                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27053503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27053503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27053503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           59422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           34495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               93917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          59422                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          34495                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              93917                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         55728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         57803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            113531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           113531                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1862501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2925055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4787556000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1862501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2925055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4787556000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        92298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          207448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        92298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         207448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.547274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.547274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33421.278352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50603.861391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42169.592446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33421.278352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50603.861391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42169.592446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          40388                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                40388                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       113531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       113531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1751047000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2809449000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4560496000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1751047000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2809449000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4560496000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.547274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.547274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31421.314241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48603.861391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40169.610062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31421.314241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48603.861391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40169.610062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    136023                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          59422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          34495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              93917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           113531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1862501000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2925055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4787556000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        92298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         207448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.547274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33421.278352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50603.861391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42169.592446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       113531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1751047000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2809449000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4560496000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.547274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31421.314241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48603.861391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40169.610062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        48810                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        48810                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        48810                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        48810                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27053503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.779854                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 237413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               136023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.745389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   118.347472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   114.460549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   277.971833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.231147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.223556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.542914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               392793                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              392793                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27053503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               207448                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              207447                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         48810                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       233406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       230299                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  463705                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9030912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7369536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 16400448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           575745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            451498000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           461490000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27053503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27053503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27053503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  27053503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                31529007000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 126592                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34353452                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   248849                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    55.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              570186067                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13760356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.031529                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 31529007000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1559409                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13760356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1537484                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2346                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1130374                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1079                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9150476                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           474                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         31529007                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   31529007                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8433541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4557308                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1161124                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 403600                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        403600                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               616283                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              266058                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      275126                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13462401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13462401                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25995195                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10864965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1535772                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2666047                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1130275                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 72686      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10700726     77.76%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    36228      0.26%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35108      0.26%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4151      0.03%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10940      0.08%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   111250      0.81%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      164      0.00%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    52870      0.38%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   68230      0.50%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2248      0.02%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1483158     10.78%     91.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1034081      7.51%     98.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               52614      0.38%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96194      0.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13760682                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        41612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        24601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           66213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        41612                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        24601                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          66213                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        23344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        35943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         59287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        23344                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        35943                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        59287                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1664046000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2316539000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   3980585000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1664046000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2316539000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   3980585000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       125500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       125500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.359382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.593667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.472406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.359382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.593667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.472406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71283.670322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64450.351946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67140.941522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71283.670322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64450.351946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67140.941522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        28093                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            28093                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        59287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        59287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1617358000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2244653000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3862011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1617358000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2244653000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3862011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.359382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.593667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.472406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.359382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.593667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.472406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69283.670322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62450.351946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65140.941522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69283.670322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62450.351946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65140.941522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 60006                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        41612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        24601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          66213                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        23344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        35943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        59287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1664046000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2316539000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3980585000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       125500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.359382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.593667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.472406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71283.670322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64450.351946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67140.941522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1617358000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2244653000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3862011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.359382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.593667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.472406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69283.670322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62450.351946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65140.941522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        41607                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        41607                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        41607                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        41607                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31529007000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3850.921659                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             167107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            64102                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.606892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   153.077336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   557.551332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3140.292991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.037372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.136121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.766673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.940166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          660                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           231209                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          231209                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31529007000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9000030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9000030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9000030                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9000030                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         150446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             150446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        150446                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            150446                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4136773000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4136773000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4136773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4136773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9150476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9150476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27496.729724                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27496.729724                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27496.729724                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27496.729724                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        150446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       150446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3835881000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3835881000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3835881000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3835881000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25496.729724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25496.729724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25496.729724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25496.729724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     150190                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9000030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9000030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        150446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            150446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4136773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4136773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9150476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.016441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27496.729724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27496.729724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       150446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3835881000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3835881000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25496.729724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25496.729724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31529007000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.592194                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9150476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                150446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 60.822328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.592194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9300922                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9300922                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31529007000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               59287                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              59287                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        28093                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       146667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       146667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 146667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      5592320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      5592320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5592320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           199752000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          321536250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31529007000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1494016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2300352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3794368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1494016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1494016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1797952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1797952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            23344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            35943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                59287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         28093                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               28093                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           47385444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           72959862                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              120345306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      47385444                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          47385444                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        57025329                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              57025329                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        57025329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          47385444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          72959862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             177370635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     26665.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     23344.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     35468.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005319860750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1531                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1531                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               153184                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               25174                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        59287                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       28093                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      59287                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     28093                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     475                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1428                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              7329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             11835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     900979000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   294060000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2003704000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      15319.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 34069.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     29683                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    19246                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  50.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 72.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  59287                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 28093                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    58791                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    1073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        36527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     149.729898                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    104.539632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    186.470871                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         21667     59.32%     59.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9558     26.17%     85.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2448      6.70%     92.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          799      2.19%     94.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          472      1.29%     95.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          321      0.88%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          251      0.69%     97.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          200      0.55%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          811      2.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         36527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1531                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       38.410189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      27.411676                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     112.392736                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           1510     98.63%     98.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8      0.52%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.07%     99.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.13%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.07%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.13%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.13%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            2      0.13%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.07%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.07%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1531                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1531                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.403005                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.377130                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.935972                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               459     29.98%     29.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                22      1.44%     31.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              1025     66.95%     98.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                24      1.57%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1531                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3763968                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    30400                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1705216                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3794368                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1797952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        119.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         54.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     120.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      57.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    31518354000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      360704.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1494016                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2269952                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1705216                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 47385444.140375249088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 71995670.526509135962                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 54084037.597505055368                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        23344                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        35943                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        28093                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    882133750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1121570250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 731326705500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     37788.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31204.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  26032346.33                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     57.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             143228400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              76127700                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            240667980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            68058360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2488677360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9681345120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3954427200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         16652532120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         528.165448                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10182868000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1052740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  20293399000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             117574380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              62492265                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            179249700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            71023320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2488677360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7613199300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5696023680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         16228240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         514.708250                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14724549000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1052740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  15751718000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31529007000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31529007000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31529007000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2562280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2562280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2570356                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2570356                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          93391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              93391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         97176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             97176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3807318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3807318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3945911000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3945911000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2655671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2655671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2667532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2667532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.035167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.036429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40767.504363                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40767.504363                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40605.818309                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40605.818309                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           50706                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 50706                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        93391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         93391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        97176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        97176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3620536000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3620536000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3751559000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3751559000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38767.504363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38767.504363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38605.818309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38605.818309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      96920                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1467687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1467687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         57898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             57898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1563306000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1563306000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1525585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1525585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.037951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27001.036305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27001.036305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1447510000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1447510000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25001.036305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25001.036305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1094593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1094593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35493                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35493                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2244012000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2244012000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1130086                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1130086                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031407                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031407                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63224.072352                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63224.072352                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2173026000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2173026000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031407                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031407                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61224.072352                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61224.072352                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8076                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8076                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         3785                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3785                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138593000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    138593000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11861                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         11861                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.319113                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.319113                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36616.380449                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36616.380449                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3785                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         3785                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    131023000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131023000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.319113                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.319113                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34616.380449                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34616.380449                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31529007000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.523662                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2667532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 97176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 27.450523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.523662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2764708                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2764708                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31529007000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31529007000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31529007000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           85490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           36632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              122122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          85490                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          36632                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             122122                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         64956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         60544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            125500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           125500                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2461786000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3031725000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5493511000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2461786000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3031725000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5493511000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        97176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          247622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        97176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         247622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.506821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.506821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37899.285670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50074.739033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43772.996016                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37899.285670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50074.739033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43772.996016                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          41607                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                41607                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       125500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       125500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2331874000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2910637000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5242511000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2331874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2910637000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5242511000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35899.285670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48074.739033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41772.996016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35899.285670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48074.739033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41772.996016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    149066                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          85490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          36632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             122122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           125500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2461786000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3031725000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5493511000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        97176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         247622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.506821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37899.285670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50074.739033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43772.996016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       125500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2331874000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2910637000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5242511000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35899.285670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48074.739033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41772.996016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        50706                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        50706                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        50706                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        50706                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31529007000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.953052                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 298328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               149578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   116.822878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   133.623714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   260.506460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.228170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.260984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.508802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          441                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               447906                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              447906                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31529007000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               247622                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              247622                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         50706                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       245058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       300892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  545950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9464448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9628544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19092992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           752230000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            501152000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           485880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31529007000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31529007000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31529007000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  31529007000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
