
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18581377000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  42244                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34252120                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    76134                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    23.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              784945473                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1802250                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018581                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18581377000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            200427                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1802250                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      200130                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            15                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      249167                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         98945                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1250607                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            45                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18581366                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18581366                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1002046                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              798720                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       199849                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    550                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           550                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  798                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 306                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1851257                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1851257                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3404395                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1401875                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      200127                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        449292                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     249165                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   191      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1401882     75.71%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       28      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        35      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                       84      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       68      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     130      0.01%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   200079     10.81%     86.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  248981     13.45%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  48      0.00%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                184      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1851720                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              51                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           41                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             51                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       198071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        198486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       198071                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       198486                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24343000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12276480000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  12300823000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24343000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12276480000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  12300823000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       198081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       198537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       198081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       198537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58657.831325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61980.199020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61973.252522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58657.831325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61980.199020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61973.252522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       193780                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           193780                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       198486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       198486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23513000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11880338000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11903851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23513000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11880338000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11903851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56657.831325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59980.199020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59973.252522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56657.831325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59980.199020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59973.252522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                193809                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             51                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       198071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       198486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24343000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12276480000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12300823000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       198081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       198537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58657.831325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61980.199020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61973.252522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       198486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23513000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11880338000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11903851000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56657.831325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59980.199020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59973.252522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       197870                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       197870                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       197870                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       197870                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18581377000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4617.877386                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             387592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           193809                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999866                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   389.590959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4228.286427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.005945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.064519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.070463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4677                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          960                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3028                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          581                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.071365                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           594893                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          594893                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18581377000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1250147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1250147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1250147                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1250147                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32255000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     32255000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32255000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     32255000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1250607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1250607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1250607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1250607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70119.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70119.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70119.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70119.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31335000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31335000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31335000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31335000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68119.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68119.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68119.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68119.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        243                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1250147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1250147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32255000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32255000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1250607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1250607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70119.565217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70119.565217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31335000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31335000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68119.565217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68119.565217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18581377000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.642863                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                    6638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 27.316872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.642863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1251067                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1251067                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18581377000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              198486                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             198486                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       193780                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       590752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       590752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 590752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     25105024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     25105024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                25105024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1167386000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1049348750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18581377000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           26560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        12676544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            12703104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        26560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          26560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     12401920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         12401920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              415                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           198071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               198486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        193780                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              193780                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1429388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          682217685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              683647073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1429388                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1429388                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       667438156                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             667438156                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       667438156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1429388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         682217685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1351085229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    193780.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       415.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    198071.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000016659750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         12110                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         12110                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               582948                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              182116                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       198486                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      193780                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     198486                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    193780                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              12456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              12387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              12428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              12438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              12433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              12414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              12383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              12369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              12379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              12402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             12388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             12394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             12396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             12429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             12375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             12415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              12114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              12104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              12104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              12107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              12105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              12106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              12108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              12112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              12112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              12112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             12112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             12112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             12112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             12112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             12112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             12116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1972253750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   992430000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5693866250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9936.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28686.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    171671                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   169301                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 198486                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                193780                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   198486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   12111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   12111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   12111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   12110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   12110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   12110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   12110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   12110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   12110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   12110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   12110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   12110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   12110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   12110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   12110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   12110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        51267                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     489.601810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    474.942160                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     82.040164                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           573      1.12%      1.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1456      2.84%      3.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1189      2.32%      6.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1233      2.41%      8.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        46802     91.29%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            3      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            4      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         51267                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12110                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.390008                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.007521                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      42.918632                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          12109     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          12110                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12110                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             12110    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          12110                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                12703104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 12400640                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 12703104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              12401920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        683.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        667.37                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     683.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     667.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18581331000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       47369.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        26560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     12676544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     12400640                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1429388.144915201934                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 682217684.943371057510                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 667369269.780167579651                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          415                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       198071                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       193780                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     10509250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5683357000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 453469137500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25323.49                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28693.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2340123.53                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             182826840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              97163385                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            708130920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           505818000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1466531040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7630355160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         709686720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11300512065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         608.163327                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1782031500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    620360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  16178985500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             183269520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              97394880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            709059120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           505609200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1466531040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7634409000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         706272960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11302545720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         608.272773                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1772937500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    620360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16188079500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18581377000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18581377000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18581377000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           201712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               201712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          201714                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              201714                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         198113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             198113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        198113                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            198113                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15644344000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15644344000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15644344000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15644344000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       399825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           399825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       399827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          399827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.495499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.495497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78966.771489                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78966.771489                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78966.771489                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78966.771489                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          197933                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                197933                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        198113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       198113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15248120000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15248120000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15248120000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15248120000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76966.781584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76966.781584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76966.781584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76966.781584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     197971                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          200010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              200010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       200128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          200128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62491.525424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.525424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7138000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7138000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60491.525424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.525424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           1702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               1702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       197995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           197995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15636970000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15636970000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       199697                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         199697                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991477                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.991477                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78976.590318                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78976.590318                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       197995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       197995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15240982000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15240982000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991477                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991477                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76976.600419                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76976.600419                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18581377000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               140.808859                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  199301                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                197971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.006718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   140.808859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.550035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.550035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.550781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                597939                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               597939                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18581377000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18581377000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18581377000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 35                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        198082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            198538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           198538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29441000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14455391000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  14484832000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29441000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14455391000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  14484832000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          198573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         198573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64563.596491                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72976.802536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72957.479173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64563.596491                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72976.802536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72957.479173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         197870                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               197870                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       198538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       198538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28529000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14059229000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14087758000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28529000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14059229000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14087758000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62563.596491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70976.812633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70957.489246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62563.596491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70976.812633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70957.489246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    198207                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 35                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           198538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29441000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14455391000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14484832000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         198573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64563.596491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72976.802536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72957.479173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       198538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28529000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14059229000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14087758000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62563.596491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70976.812633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70957.489246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       197933                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       197933                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       197933                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       197933                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18581377000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              393.347270                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 396055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               198207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    27.961641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.571854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   111.813775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.054613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.495258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.218386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.768256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               595107                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              595107                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18581377000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               198573                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              198572                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        197933                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       594158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  595078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     25346880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        29440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 25376320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             2300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1188238000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           990560000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18581377000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18581377000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18581377000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18581377000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                37190942000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  47228                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34255660                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    85065                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    42.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              878226934                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3602297                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.037191                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 37190942000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            400427                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3602297                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      400127                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            20                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      499142                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        198916                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2500637                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            45                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         37190931                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   37190931                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2002084                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1598666                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       399838                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    550                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           550                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  798                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 306                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         408                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3701280                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3701280                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6804501                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2801923                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      400124                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        899264                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     499140                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   191      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2801942     75.69%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       28      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        35      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                       84      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       68      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     130      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   400076     10.81%     86.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  498956     13.48%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  48      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                184      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3701752                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    12                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              51                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           41                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             51                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       398012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        398427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       398012                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       398427                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24343000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24586896000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  24611239000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24343000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24586896000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  24611239000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       398022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       398478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       398022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       398478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58657.831325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61774.258063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61771.012005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58657.831325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61774.258063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61771.012005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       393721                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           393721                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       398427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       398427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23513000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23790872000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23814385000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23513000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23790872000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23814385000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56657.831325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59774.258063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59771.012005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56657.831325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59774.258063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59771.012005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                393750                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             51                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       398012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       398427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24343000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24586896000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24611239000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       398022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       398478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58657.831325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61774.258063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61771.012005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       398427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23513000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23790872000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23814385000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56657.831325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59774.258063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59771.012005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       397811                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       397811                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       397811                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       397811                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37190942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4647.461098                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             787474                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           393750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   389.795635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4257.665464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.005948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.064967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.070915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4677                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          967                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          581                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.071365                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1194716                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1194716                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37190942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2500177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2500177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2500177                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2500177                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32255000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     32255000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32255000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     32255000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2500637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2500637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2500637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2500637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70119.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70119.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70119.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70119.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31335000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31335000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31335000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31335000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68119.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68119.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68119.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68119.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        243                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2500177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2500177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32255000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32255000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2500637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2500637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70119.565217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70119.565217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31335000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31335000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68119.565217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68119.565217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37190942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.821567                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                    6638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 27.316872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.821567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2501097                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2501097                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37190942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              398427                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             398427                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       393721                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1190575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1190575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1190575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     50697472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     50697472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                50697472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2367032000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2107182000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37190942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           26560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        25472768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            25499328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        26560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          26560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     25198144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         25198144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              415                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           398012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               398427                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        393721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              393721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             714152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          684918602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              685632754                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        714152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            714152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       677534438                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             677534438                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       677534438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            714152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         684918602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1363167193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    393721.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       415.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    398012.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000016659750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         24606                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         24606                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1174791                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              369883                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       398427                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      393721                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     398427                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    393721                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              24952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              24883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              24924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              24938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              24929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              24910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              24879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              24865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              24875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              24898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             24884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             24890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             24892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             24925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             24871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             24912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              24610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              24605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              24600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              24603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              24601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              24602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              24604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              24608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              24608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              24608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             24608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             24608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             24608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             24608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             24608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             24613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3877594750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1992135000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              11348101000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9732.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28482.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    344491                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   342531                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 87.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 398427                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                393721                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   398427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   24607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   24607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   24608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   24606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   24606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   24606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   24606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   24606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   24606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   24606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   24606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   24606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   24606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   24606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   24606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   24606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       105098                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     482.332299                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    464.808985                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     91.442478                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1409      1.34%      1.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4279      4.07%      5.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3921      3.73%      9.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2535      2.41%     11.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        92940     88.43%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        105098                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24606                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.192189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.003933                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      30.109082                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          24605    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          24606                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24606                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000244                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000223                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.027046                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             24604     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          24606                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                25499328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 25196928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 25499328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              25198144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        685.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        677.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     685.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     677.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    37190896000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46949.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        26560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     25472768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     25196928                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 714152.386890334776                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 684918601.954207062721                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 677501742.225297808647                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          415                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       398012                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       393721                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     10509250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  11337591750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 916365249250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25323.49                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28485.55                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2327448.24                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             375014220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             199305810                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1421909580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1027656180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2935520640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15412447170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1302419040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         22674272640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         609.671910                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3259325250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1241760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  32689856750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             375449760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             199541100                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1422859200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1027468260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2935520640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15404277360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1309298880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         22674415200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         609.675743                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3276979250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1241760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32672202750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37190942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37190942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37190942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           401756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               401756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          401760                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              401760                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         398054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             398054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        398054                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            398054                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31353757000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31353757000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31353757000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31353757000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       799810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           799810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       799814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          799814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.497686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.497683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78767.596859                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78767.596859                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78767.596859                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78767.596859                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          397874                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                397874                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        398054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       398054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30557651000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30557651000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30557651000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30557651000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76767.601883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76767.601883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76767.601883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76767.601883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     397912                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          400004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              400004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7471000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7471000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       400123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          400123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62781.512605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62781.512605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7233000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7233000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60781.512605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60781.512605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           1752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               1752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       397935                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           397935                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31346286000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  31346286000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       399687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         399687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995617                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.995617                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78772.377398                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78772.377398                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397935                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       397935                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30550418000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30550418000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995617                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995617                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76772.382424                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76772.382424                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            4                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             4                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37190942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               140.904502                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  399253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                397912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.003370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   140.904502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.550408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.550408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.550781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1197867                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1197867                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37190942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37190942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37190942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 35                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        398023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            398479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           398479                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29441000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28965158000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  28994599000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29441000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28965158000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  28994599000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          398514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         398514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64563.596491                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72772.573444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72763.179490                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64563.596491                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72772.573444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72763.179490                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         397811                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               397811                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       398479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       398479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28529000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28169114000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28197643000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28529000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28169114000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28197643000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62563.596491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70772.578469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70763.184509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62563.596491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70772.578469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70763.184509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    398150                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 35                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           398479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29441000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28965158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28994599000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         398514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64563.596491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72772.573444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72763.179490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       398479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28529000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28169114000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28197643000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62563.596491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70772.578469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70763.184509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       397874                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       397874                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       397874                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       397874                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37190942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              393.673882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 795937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               398150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    27.980918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.786089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   111.906875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.054650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.495676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.218568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.768894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1194932                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1194932                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37190942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               398514                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              398513                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        397874                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1193981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1194901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     50939328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        29440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 50968768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             2300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2387884000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1990265000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37190942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37190942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37190942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  37190942000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                49886049000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  50079                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34264480                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    88368                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    59.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              832454408                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3001033                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5295556                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.049886                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 49886049000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            574793                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3001033                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5295556                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      580982                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      688321                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260134                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3788335                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         49886038                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   49886038                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2910848                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2387893                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       562999                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1078                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5423833                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5423833                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10112984                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4175104                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      580964                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1269263                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     688299                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  1426      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4141450     76.33%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    13100      0.24%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   580906     10.71%     87.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  688069     12.68%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5425621                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          244                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          100                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            344                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       521036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        521856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          820                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       521036                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       521856                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32134841000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32183202000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48361000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32134841000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32183202000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       522200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       522200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.770677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.770677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58976.829268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61674.895785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61670.656273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58976.829268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61674.895785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61670.656273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       516179                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           516179                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       521856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       521856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46721000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31092769000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31139490000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46721000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31092769000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31139490000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.770677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.770677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56976.829268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59674.895785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59670.656273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56976.829268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59674.895785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59670.656273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                516212                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       521036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       521856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48361000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32134841000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32183202000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       522200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.770677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58976.829268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61674.895785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61670.656273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       521856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46721000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31092769000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31139490000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.770677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56976.829268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59674.895785                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59670.656273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       520534                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       520534                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       520534                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       520534                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49886049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4678.668046                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1032394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           516212                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999942                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.052793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   399.780826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4278.834428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.006100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.065290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.071391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5646                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5016                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          581                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.086151                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1564592                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1564592                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49886049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3787263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3787263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3787263                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3787263                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1072                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1072                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67091000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67091000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67091000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67091000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3788335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3788335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3788335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3788335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62584.888060                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62584.888060                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62584.888060                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62584.888060                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64947000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64947000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64947000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64947000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60584.888060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60584.888060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60584.888060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60584.888060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        818                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3787263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3787263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67091000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67091000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3788335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3788335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62584.888060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62584.888060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64947000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64947000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60584.888060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60584.888060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49886049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               217.787149                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3275495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   818                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               4004.272616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   217.787149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.850731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.850731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3789407                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3789407                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49886049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              521856                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             521856                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       516179                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1559891                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1559891                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1559891                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66434240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66434240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66434240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3102751000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2760500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49886049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           52480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33346304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33398784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        52480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          52480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33035456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33035456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           521036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               521856                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        516179                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              516179                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1051998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          668449490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              669501487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1051998                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1051998                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       662218329                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             662218329                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       662218329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1051998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         668449490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1331719816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    516179.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       820.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    521036.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000288528500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32259                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32259                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1539615                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              484832                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       521856                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      516179                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     521856                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    516179                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5025934000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2609280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14810734000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9630.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28380.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    450980                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   448204                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 521856                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                516179                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   521856                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       138826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     478.531687                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    459.034214                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     96.790787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2187      1.58%      1.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6433      4.63%      6.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6065      4.37%     10.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3352      2.41%     12.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       120740     86.97%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            8      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           10      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           27      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        138826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32259                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.173006                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.008158                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      26.414476                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          32257     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32259                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32259                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000310                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000287                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.028388                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32255     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32259                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33398784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33033856                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33398784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33035456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        669.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        662.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     669.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     662.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    49862411000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       48035.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        52480                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33346304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33033856                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1051997.523395769298                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 668449489.756144046783                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 662186255.720512151718                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          820                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       521036                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       516179                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     21039500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14789694500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1201581606750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25657.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28385.17                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2327839.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             495337500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             263278125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1863697080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1347156720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3937383840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20385073590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1989865440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         30281792295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         607.019255                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5005516000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1665560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  43214973000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             495880140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             263566545                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1862354760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1347167160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3937383840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20231603940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2119103040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         30257059425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         606.523468                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5342073750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1665560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  42878415250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49886049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49886049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49886049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           617220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               617220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          617228                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              617228                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         521814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             521814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        522010                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            522010                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40993174000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  40993174000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41007503000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41007503000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1139034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1139034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1139238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1139238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.458120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.458210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78558.976953                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78558.976953                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78556.929944                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78556.929944                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          521090                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                521090                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        521814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       522010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39949548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39949548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39963485000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39963485000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76558.980786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76558.980786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76556.933775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76556.933775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     521753                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          579749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              579749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          1026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              1026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     31471000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31471000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       580775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          580775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30673.489279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30673.489279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     29421000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29421000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28675.438596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28675.438596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          37471                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              37471                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       520788                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           520788                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40961703000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  40961703000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       558259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         558259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.932879                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.932879                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78653.315745                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78653.315745                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       520788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       520788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39920127000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39920127000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.932879                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.932879                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76653.315745                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76653.315745                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14329000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14329000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73107.142857                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73107.142857                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13937000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13937000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71107.142857                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71107.142857                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49886049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               143.949242                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1083279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                521753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.076230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   143.949242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.562302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.562302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1661247                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1661247                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49886049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49886049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49886049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              8                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                881                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        521137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            522201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           522201                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60553000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37867537000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  37928090000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60553000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37867537000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  37928090000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       522010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          523082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       522010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         523082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.998316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.998316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56910.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72663.305426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72631.209056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56910.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72663.305426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72631.209056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         520534                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               520534                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       522201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       522201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58425000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36825265000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36883690000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58425000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36825265000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36883690000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54910.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70663.309264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70631.212885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54910.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70663.309264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70631.212885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    522001                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst              8                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           522201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60553000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37867537000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37928090000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       522010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         523082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.998316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56910.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72663.305426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72631.209056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       522201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58425000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36825265000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36883690000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54910.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70663.309264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70631.212885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       521090                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       521090                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       521090                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       521090                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49886049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              396.495805                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1042404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               522001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    28.339472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.756023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   115.400310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.055351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.493664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.225391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.774406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1566672                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1566672                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49886049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               523082                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              523081                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        521090                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1565109                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         2144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1567253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     66758336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        68608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 66826944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             5360000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3128532000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2610045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49886049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49886049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49886049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  49886049000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                53098874000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  65033                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34264612                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   110700                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    61.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              862791114                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4002335                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6812823                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.053099                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 53098874000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            712004                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4002335                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6812823                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      728052                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            38                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      762828                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260144                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5134735                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         53098865                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   53098865                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3675812                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3202346                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       672901                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3564                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6938398                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6938398                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13213945                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5512962                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      727929                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1490639                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     762710                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  4122      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5401783     77.80%     77.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    45965      0.66%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   727871     10.48%     89.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  762480     10.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6942891                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            1396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          721                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          675                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           1396                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       521567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        522414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          847                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       521567                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       522414                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49905000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32167229000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32217134000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49905000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32167229000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32217134000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       522242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       523810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       522242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       523810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.540179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.540179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58919.716647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61674.202931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61669.737028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58919.716647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61674.202931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61669.737028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       516217                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           516217                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       522414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          847                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       522414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48211000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31124095000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31172306000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48211000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31124095000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31172306000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.540179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.540179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56919.716647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59674.202931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59669.737028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56919.716647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59674.202931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59669.737028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                516252                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           1396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       521567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       522414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49905000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32167229000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32217134000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       522242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       523810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.540179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.997335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58919.716647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61674.202931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61669.737028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       522414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48211000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31124095000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31172306000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.540179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998707                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56919.716647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59674.202931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59669.737028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       521126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       521126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       521126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       521126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53098874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4754.392205                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1032470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           516252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.206638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   424.630822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4329.554746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.006479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.066064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.072546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5526                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          581                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.094101                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1567355                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1567355                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53098874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5133154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5133154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5133154                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5133154                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1581                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1581                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     78243000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78243000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     78243000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78243000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5134735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5134735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5134735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5134735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49489.563567                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49489.563567                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49489.563567                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49489.563567                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75081000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75081000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75081000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75081000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47489.563567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47489.563567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47489.563567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47489.563567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1326                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5133154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5133154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     78243000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78243000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5134735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5134735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49489.563567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49489.563567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75081000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75081000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47489.563567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47489.563567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53098874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               220.014433                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3576765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               2697.409502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   220.014433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.859431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.859431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5136316                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5136316                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53098874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              522414                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             522414                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       516217                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1561045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1561045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1561045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66472384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66472384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66472384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3103499000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2763482000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53098874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           54208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33380288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33434496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        54208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          54208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33037888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33037888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              847                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           521567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               522414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        516217                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              516217                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1020888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          628643990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              629664878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1020888                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1020888                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       622195642                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             622195642                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       622195642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1020888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         628643990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1251860520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    516217.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       847.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    521567.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005441792500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32261                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32261                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1541593                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              484862                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       522414                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      516217                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     522414                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    516217                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5030797500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2612070000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14826060000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9629.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28379.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    451325                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   448224                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 522414                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                516217                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   522414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       139051                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     478.028925                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    457.853846                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     98.118752                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2368      1.70%      1.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6446      4.64%      6.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6070      4.37%     10.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3354      2.41%     13.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       120743     86.83%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           10      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           43      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        139051                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32261                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.186634                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.010827                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      26.470421                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          32259     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32261                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32261                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000310                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000287                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.028388                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32257     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32261                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33434496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33035904                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33434496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33037888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        629.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        622.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     629.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     622.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          9.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    53082100000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       51107.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        54208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33380288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33035904                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1020887.938226336031                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 628643989.701175212860                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 622158277.781935691833                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          847                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       521567                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       516217                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     21683250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14804376750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1267247237750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25600.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28384.42                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2454873.12                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             496608420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             263953635                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1864946580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1347302880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4191230160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20731453470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2931901920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         31827397065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         599.398719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7450636500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1772940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  43875297500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             496215720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             263744910                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1865089380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1347188040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4191230160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20304315990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3291596640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         31759380840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         598.117784                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8389600250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1772940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  42936333750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53098874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53098874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53098874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           836497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               836497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          836505                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              836505                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         524111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             524111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        524307                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            524307                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41063405000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41063405000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41077734000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41077734000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1360608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1360608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1360812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1360812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.385204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.385290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78348.679955                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78348.679955                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78346.720528                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78346.720528                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          522439                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                522439                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       524111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        524111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       524307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       524307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40015185000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40015185000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40029122000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40029122000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76348.683771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76348.683771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76346.724343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76346.724343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     524050                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          725099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              725099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     67336000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67336000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       727845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          727845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24521.485798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24521.485798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     61844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22521.485798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22521.485798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         111398                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             111398                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       521365                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           521365                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40996069000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  40996069000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       632763                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         632763                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.823950                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.823950                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78632.184746                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78632.184746                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       521365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39953341000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39953341000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.823950                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.823950                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76632.188582                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76632.188582                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14329000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14329000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73107.142857                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73107.142857                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13937000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13937000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71107.142857                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71107.142857                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53098874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               150.729037                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1321554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                524050                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.521809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.729037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.588785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.588785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1885118                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1885118                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53098874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53098874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53098874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                2077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2064                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               2077                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        522243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            523811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           523811                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68595000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37913241000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  37981836000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68595000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37913241000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  37981836000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       524307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          525888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       524307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         525888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.996050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.996050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43746.811224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72596.934760                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72510.573470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43746.811224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72596.934760                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72510.573470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         521126                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               521126                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       523811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       523811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65459000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36868757000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36934216000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65459000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36868757000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36934216000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41746.811224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70596.938590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70510.577288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41746.811224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70596.938590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70510.577288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    524057                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               2077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           523811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68595000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37913241000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37981836000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       524307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         525888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.996050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43746.811224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72596.934760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72510.573470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       523811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65459000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36868757000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36934216000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41746.811224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70596.938590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70510.577288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       522439                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       522439                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       522439                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       522439                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53098874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              403.007955                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1046661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               524057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997227                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    32.449403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   244.078805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   126.479747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.063378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.476716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.247031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.787125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1572896                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1572896                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53098874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               525888                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              525887                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        522439                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1571052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1574214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     66991680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       101184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67092864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             7905000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3138083000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2621530000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53098874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53098874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53098874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  53098874000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                56284922000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  79218                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34264612                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   131663                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    63.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              891303470                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5002522                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8314395                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.056285                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 56284922000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            846715                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5002522                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8314395                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      879257                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            38                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      829701                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260150                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6478748                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         56284911                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   56284911                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4420598                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3998418                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       777386                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        4848                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8437570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8437570                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16298378                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6847892                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      879089                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1708618                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     829529                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  6514      0.08%      0.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6647748     78.72%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    81203      0.96%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   879031     10.41%     90.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  829299      9.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8444465                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1053                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1617                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2670                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       521864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        522712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       521864                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       522712                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49971000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32186770000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32236741000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49971000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32186770000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32236741000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       523481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       525382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       523481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       525382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.446081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.994918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.446081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.994918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58928.066038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61676.547913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61672.089028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58928.066038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61676.547913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61672.089028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       516372                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           516372                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       522712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       522712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48275000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31143042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31191317000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48275000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31143042000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31191317000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.446081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.446081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56928.066038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59676.547913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59672.089028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56928.066038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59676.547913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59672.089028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                516471                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       521864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       522712                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49971000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32186770000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32236741000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       523481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       525382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.446081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.994918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58928.066038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61676.547913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61672.089028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       522712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48275000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31143042000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31191317000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.446081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56928.066038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59676.547913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59672.089028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       522021                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       522021                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       522021                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       522021                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56284922000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4838.164434                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1032924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           516471                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.746695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   447.151551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4389.266189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.006823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.066975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.073825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6288                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5670                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          581                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.095947                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1570162                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1570162                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56284922000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6476834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6476834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6476834                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6476834                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1914                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1914                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84636000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84636000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84636000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84636000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6478748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6478748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6478748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6478748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44219.435737                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44219.435737                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44219.435737                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44219.435737                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80808000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80808000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80808000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80808000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42219.435737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42219.435737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42219.435737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42219.435737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1659                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6476834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6476834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84636000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84636000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6478748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6478748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44219.435737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44219.435737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80808000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80808000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42219.435737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42219.435737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56284922000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.994816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3873570                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               2334.882459                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.994816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.867167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.867167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6480662                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6480662                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56284922000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              522712                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             522712                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       516372                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1561796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1561796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1561796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66501376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66501376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66501376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3104572000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2765089000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56284922000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           54272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33399296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33453568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        54272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          54272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33047808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33047808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           521864                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               522712                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        516372                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              516372                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             964237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          593396860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              594361097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        964237                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            964237                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       587152062                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             587152062                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       587152062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            964237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         593396860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1181513159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    516372.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       848.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    521863.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005441792500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32271                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32271                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1543154                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              485023                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       522712                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      516372                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     522712                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    516372                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5034894750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2613555000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14835726000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9632.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28382.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    451450                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   448369                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 522712                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                516372                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   522711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       139249                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     477.564306                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    456.800026                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     99.228646                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2528      1.82%      1.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6458      4.64%      6.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6077      4.36%     10.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3357      2.41%     13.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       120744     86.71%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           12      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           52      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        139249                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32271                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.197515                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.014080                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      26.499818                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          32269     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32271                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32271                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000651                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.037337                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32260     99.97%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 6      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32271                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33453504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33046848                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33453568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33047808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        594.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        587.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     594.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     587.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          9.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    56242592000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       54127.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        54272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33399232                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33046848                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 964236.922989784041                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 593395723.280917048454                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 587135005.712542295456                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          848                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       521864                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       516372                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     21715750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14814010250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1385193913500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25608.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28386.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2682550.40                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             497593740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             264477345                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1866331740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1347715260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4442617920.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21003746460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3926044800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         33348527265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         592.494865                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10032067750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1879280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44373574250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             496644120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             263972610                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1865824800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1347668280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4442617920.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20433802320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4405997760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         33256527810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         590.860334                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11285394750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1879280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  43120247250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56284922000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56284922000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56284922000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1052153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1052153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1052161                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1052161                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         526531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             526531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        526727                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            526727                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41123641000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41123641000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41137970000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41137970000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1578684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1578684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1578888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1578888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.333525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.333606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78102.981591                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78102.981591                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78101.122593                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78101.122593                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          523714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                523714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        526531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       526727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40070581000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40070581000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40084518000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40084518000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76102.985389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76102.985389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76101.126390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76101.126390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     526470                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          874450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              874450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    101372000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101372000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       879050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          879050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22037.391304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22037.391304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92172000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92172000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20037.391304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20037.391304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         177703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             177703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       521931                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           521931                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41022269000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41022269000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       699634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         699634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.746006                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.746006                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78597.111496                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78597.111496                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       521931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39978409000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39978409000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.746006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.746006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76597.115328                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76597.115328                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14329000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14329000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73107.142857                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73107.142857                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13937000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13937000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71107.142857                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71107.142857                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56284922000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               156.687975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1471604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                526470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.795229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   156.687975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.612062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.612062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2105614                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2105614                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56284922000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56284922000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56284922000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                3258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3245                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               3258                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        523482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            525383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           525383                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72988000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37948295000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38021283000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72988000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37948295000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38021283000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          528641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         528641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.993837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.993837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38394.529195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72492.072316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72368.696741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38394.529195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72492.072316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72368.696741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         522021                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               522021                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       525383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       525383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69186000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36901333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36970519000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69186000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36901333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36970519000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36394.529195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70492.076136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70368.700548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36394.529195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70492.076136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70368.700548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    526333                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               3258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           525383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72988000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37948295000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38021283000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         528641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.993837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38394.529195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72492.072316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72368.696741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       525383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69186000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36901333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36970519000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36394.529195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70492.076136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70368.700548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56284922000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              409.177527                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1050325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               526333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.995552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    36.687956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.466584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   140.022987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.071656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.454036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.273482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.799175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          479                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1579200                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1579200                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56284922000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               528641                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              528640                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        523714                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1577167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1580995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     67228160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       122496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67350656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             9570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3147211000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2633630000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56284922000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56284922000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56284922000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  56284922000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                59556580000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  92563                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34264612                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   151673                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    64.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              918705373                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000557                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9832448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.059557                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59556580000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            979504                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000557                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9832448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1045315                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            40                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      899783                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260160                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7826045                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         59556579                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   59556579                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5172908                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4802443                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       880959                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        6006                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9950015                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9950015                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19436418                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8196943                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1045094                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1944617                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     899523                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 12060      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7889995     79.20%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   115467      1.16%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1045036     10.49%     90.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  899293      9.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9962521                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         1726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            4659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1726                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2933                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           4659                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       522551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        523400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       522551                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       523400                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50037000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32229380000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32279417000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50037000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32229380000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32279417000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       528059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       528059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.329709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.991177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.329709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.991177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58936.395760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61677.003776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61672.558273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58936.395760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61677.003776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61672.558273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       516693                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           516693                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       523400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       523400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48339000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31184278000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31232617000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48339000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31184278000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31232617000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.329709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.329709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56936.395760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59677.003776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59672.558273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56936.395760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59677.003776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59672.558273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                517003                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           4659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       522551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       523400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50037000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32229380000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32279417000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       528059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.329709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.991177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58936.395760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61677.003776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61672.558273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       523400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48339000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31184278000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31232617000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.329709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56936.395760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59677.003776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59672.558273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       523105                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       523105                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       523105                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       523105                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59556580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4929.674635                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1034088                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           517003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.000159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     7.158164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   467.849322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4454.667148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.007139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.067973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.075221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6717                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5334                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.102493                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1574884                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1574884                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59556580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7823430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7823430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7823430                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7823430                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           2615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               2615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          2615                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              2615                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     97929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     97929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7826045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7826045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7826045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7826045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37448.948375                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37448.948375                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37448.948375                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37448.948375                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          2615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92699000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92699000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92699000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92699000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35448.948375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35448.948375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35448.948375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35448.948375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       2360                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7823430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7823430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          2615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              2615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     97929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7826045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7826045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37448.948375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37448.948375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35448.948375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35448.948375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59556580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               223.807910                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4607070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  2360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               1952.148305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   223.807910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.874250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.874250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7828660                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7828660                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59556580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              523400                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             523400                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       516693                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1563493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1563493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1563493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66565952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66565952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66565952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3106865000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2768766750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59556580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           54336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33443264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33497600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        54336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          54336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33068352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33068352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           522551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               523400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        516693                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              516693                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             912343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          561537684                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              562450027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        912343                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            912343                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       555242628                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             555242628                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       555242628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            912343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         561537684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1117692655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    516693.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       849.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    522543.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005441792500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32289                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32289                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1545665                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              485319                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       523400                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      516693                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     523400                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    516693                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5041930250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2616960000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14855530250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9633.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28383.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    451909                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   448646                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 523400                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                516693                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   523392                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       139507                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     477.137119                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    455.726992                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    100.590284                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2695      1.93%      1.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6479      4.64%      6.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6087      4.36%     10.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3368      2.41%     13.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       120752     86.56%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           19      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           14      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           17      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           76      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        139507                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32289                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.208244                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.018807                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      26.508786                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          32287     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32289                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32289                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.001456                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001363                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.057008                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32266     99.93%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                14      0.04%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32289                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33497088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33066944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33497600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33068352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        562.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        555.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     562.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     555.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    59550351000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       57254.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        54336                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33442752                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33066944                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 912342.515302255517                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 561529087.130254983902                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 555218986.718176245689                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          849                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       522551                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       516693                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     21748250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14833782000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1468440108250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25616.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28387.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2841997.29                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             498564780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             264993465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1869401940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1348915860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4700766720.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21140183940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5067466560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         34890293265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         585.834399                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12997176750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1988480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44570923250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             497522340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             264435600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1867616940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1348106760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4700766720.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20689739160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5446788480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         34814976000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         584.569765                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13988338000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1988480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  43579762000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59556580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59556580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59556580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1285062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1285062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1285070                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1285070                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         529757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             529757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        529953                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            529953                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41221305000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41221305000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41235634000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41235634000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1814819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1814819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1815023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1815023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.291906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.291981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77811.723111                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77811.723111                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77809.983149                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77809.983149                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          525279                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                525279                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       529757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        529757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       529953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       529953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40161791000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40161791000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40175728000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40175728000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75811.723111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75811.723111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75809.983149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75809.983149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     529697                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1038281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1038281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    148778000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    148778000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1045108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1045108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21792.588253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21792.588253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    135124000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    135124000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19792.588253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19792.588253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         246781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             246781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       522930                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           522930                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41072527000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41072527000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       769711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         769711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.679385                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.679385                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78543.068862                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78543.068862                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       522930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40026667000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40026667000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.679385                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679385                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76543.068862                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76543.068862                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14329000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14329000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73107.142857                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73107.142857                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13937000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13937000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71107.142857                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71107.142857                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59556580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               162.143543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1797924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                529697                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  3.394250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   162.143543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.633373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.633373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2344976                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2344976                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59556580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59556580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59556580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                4509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             40                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4469                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               4509                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          2575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        525484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            528059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           528059                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81814000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38015570000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38097384000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81814000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38015570000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38097384000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       529953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          532568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       529953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         532568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.991533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.991533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31772.427184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72343.915324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72146.074586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31772.427184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72343.915324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72146.074586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         523106                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               523106                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       528059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       528059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76664000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36964602000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37041266000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76664000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36964602000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37041266000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29772.427184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70343.915324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70146.074586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29772.427184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70343.915324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70146.074586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    529860                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             40                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               4509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           528059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81814000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38015570000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38097384000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       529953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         532568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.991533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31772.427184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72343.915324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72146.074586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       528059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76664000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36964602000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37041266000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29772.427184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70343.915324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70146.074586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       525279                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       525279                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       525279                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       525279                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59556580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              414.825937                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1056663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               529860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    42.464071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.990242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.371624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.082938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.433575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.293695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.810207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1588219                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1588219                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59556580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               532568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              532568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        525279                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1585185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         5230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1590415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     67534848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       167360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67702208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            13075000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3158963000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2649765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59556580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59556580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59556580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  59556580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                62803712000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 105081                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34264612                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   170338                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    66.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              942777481                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11347155                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.062804                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 62803712000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1110509                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11347155                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1207392                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            40                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      980019                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260168                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9172099                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         62803712                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   62803712                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5934978                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5610817                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       986239                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        8317                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11461735                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11461735                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22575477                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9532463                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1207070                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2186702                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     979632                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14978      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9126838     79.52%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   148331      1.29%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1207012     10.52%     91.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  979402      8.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11477231                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         2520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            6243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2520                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3723                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           6243                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       522906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        523755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       522906                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       523755                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50037000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32252960000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32302997000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50037000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32252960000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32302997000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       529998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       529998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.252004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.992931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.988221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.252004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.992931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.988221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58936.395760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61680.225509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61675.777797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58936.395760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61680.225509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61675.777797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       516818                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           516818                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       523755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       523755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48339000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31207148000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31255487000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48339000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31207148000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31255487000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.252004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.992931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.252004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.992931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56936.395760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59680.225509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59675.777797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56936.395760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59680.225509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59675.777797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                517141                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           6243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       522906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       523755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50037000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32252960000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32302997000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       529998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.252004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.992931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.988221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58936.395760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61680.225509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61675.777797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       523755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48339000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31207148000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31255487000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.252004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.992931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56936.395760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59680.225509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59675.777797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       523926                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       523926                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       523926                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       523926                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62803712000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5028.399968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1053924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           524124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.010829                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    14.168862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   486.263334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4527.967773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.007420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.069091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.076727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6983                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5786                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.106552                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1578048                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1578048                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62803712000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9168685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9168685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9168685                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9168685                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           3414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               3414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          3414                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              3414                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113100000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    113100000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113100000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    113100000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9172099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9172099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9172099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9172099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33128.295255                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33128.295255                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33128.295255                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33128.295255                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          3414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106272000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106272000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106272000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106272000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31128.295255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31128.295255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31128.295255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31128.295255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       3159                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9168685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9168685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          3414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              3414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113100000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    113100000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9172099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9172099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33128.295255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33128.295255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106272000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106272000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31128.295255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31128.295255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62803712000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               225.420630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9172099                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  3414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               2686.613650                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   225.420630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.880549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.880549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9175513                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9175513                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62803712000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              523755                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             523755                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       516818                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1564328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1564328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1564328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66596672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66596672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66596672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3107845000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2770678750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62803712000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           54336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33465984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33520320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        54336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          54336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33076352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33076352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           522906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               523755                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        516818                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              516818                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             865172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          532866338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              533731509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        865172                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            865172                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       526662373                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             526662373                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       526662373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            865172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         532866338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1060393882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    516818.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       849.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    522898.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005441792500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32296                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32296                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1547330                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              485432                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       523755                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      516818                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     523755                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    516818                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5047002000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2618735000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14867258250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9636.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28386.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    452061                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   448751                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 523755                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                516818                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   523747                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       139726                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     476.607303                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    454.554464                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    101.768077                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2867      2.05%      2.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6503      4.65%      6.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6093      4.36%     11.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3370      2.41%     13.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       120752     86.42%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           20      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           17      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           84      0.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        139726                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32296                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.213587                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.020777                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      26.513894                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          32294     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32296                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32296                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.001703                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001598                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.060679                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32268     99.91%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 6      0.02%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                17      0.05%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32296                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33519808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33074624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33520320                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33076352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        533.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        526.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     533.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     526.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    62791446000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       60343.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        54336                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33465472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33074624                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 865171.791119607748                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 532858185.197715699673                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 526634858.780321776867                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          849                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       522906                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       516818                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     21748250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14845510000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1515602539250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25616.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28390.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2932565.31                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             498778980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             265107315                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1870372980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1349500500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4957071600.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21206511420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6258510720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         36405853515                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         579.676780                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16092938000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2096900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44613874000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             498864660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             265152855                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1869180600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1348148520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4957071600.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       21104725950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6344224800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         36387368985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         579.382457                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16316991500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2096900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  44389820500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62803712000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62803712000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62803712000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1525263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1525263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1525271                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1525271                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         531865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             531865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        532061                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            532061                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41280413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41280413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41294742000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41294742000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2057128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2057128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2057332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2057332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.258547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.258617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77614.456676                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77614.456676                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77612.796277                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77612.796277                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          526327                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                526327                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       531865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        531865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       532061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40216683000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40216683000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40230620000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40230620000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75614.456676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75614.456676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75612.796277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75612.796277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     531805                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1198868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1198868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    174428000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    174428000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1207185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1207185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20972.466033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20972.466033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    157794000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    157794000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18972.466033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18972.466033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         326395                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             326395                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       523548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           523548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41105985000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41105985000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       849943                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         849943                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.615980                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.615980                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78514.262303                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78514.262303                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       523548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40058889000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40058889000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.615980                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615980                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76514.262303                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76514.262303                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14329000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14329000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73107.142857                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73107.142857                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13937000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13937000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71107.142857                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71107.142857                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62803712000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               166.996191                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2057332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                532061                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  3.866722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   166.996191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.652329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.652329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2589393                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2589393                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62803712000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62803712000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62803712000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              45                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             45                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5432                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5477                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          3369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        526629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            529998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           529998                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92136000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38053325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38145461000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92136000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38053325000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38145461000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          535475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         535475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.989772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.989772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27348.174533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72258.316576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71972.839520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27348.174533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72258.316576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71972.839520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         523926                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               523926                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       529998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       529998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     85398000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37000067000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37085465000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     85398000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37000067000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37085465000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25348.174533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70258.316576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69972.839520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25348.174533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70258.316576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69972.839520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    532318                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             45                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           529998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92136000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38053325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38145461000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         535475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.989772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27348.174533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72258.316576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71972.839520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       529998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     85398000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37000067000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37085465000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25348.174533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70258.316576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69972.839520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62803712000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              419.850115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1061802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               532830                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.992759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    47.250391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   212.258598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   160.341126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.092286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.414568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.313166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.820020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          365                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1594632                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1594632                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62803712000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               535475                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              535475                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        526327                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1590449                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         6828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1597277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     67736832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       218496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67955328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            17070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3167110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2660305000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62803712000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62803712000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62803712000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  62803712000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
