
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3960289000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  98420                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34317080                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   202790                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              389683340                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000201                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2060908                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003960                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3960289000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            239610                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000201                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2060908                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      201651                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            74                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      139464                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            62                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1319845                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           164                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3960278                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3960278                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1493498                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              634819                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       176827                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  81407                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         81407                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               136568                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               69051                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       43021                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1990455                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1990455                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3845604                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1603940                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      201373                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        340746                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     139373                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14342      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1643775     79.76%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       20      0.00%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2029      0.10%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20512      1.00%     81.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      454      0.02%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    14402      0.70%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   24566      1.19%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   190021      9.22%     92.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  137380      6.67%     99.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11352      0.55%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2060933                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        10655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           12405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10655                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1750                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          12405                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1812                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2230                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4042                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    108992000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138032000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    247024000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    108992000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138032000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    247024000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        12467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        16447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        12467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        16447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.145344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.560302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.245759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.145344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.560302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.245759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60150.110375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61897.757848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61114.299852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60150.110375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61897.757848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61114.299852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           57                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               57                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105368000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    133572000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    238940000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105368000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    133572000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    238940000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.145344                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.560302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.245759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.145344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.560302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.245759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58150.110375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59897.757848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59114.299852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58150.110375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59897.757848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59114.299852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   115                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          12405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    108992000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138032000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    247024000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        12467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        16447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.145344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.560302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.245759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60150.110375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61897.757848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61114.299852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105368000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    133572000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    238940000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.145344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.560302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.245759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58150.110375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59897.757848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59114.299852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2948                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2948                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2948                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2948                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3960289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2983.714155                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.052174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     4.876833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1446.771547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1532.065775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.022076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.023377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.045528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3952                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3720                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.060303                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            23462                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           23462                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3960289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1303766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1303766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1303766                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1303766                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          16079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              16079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         16079                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             16079                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    396772000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    396772000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    396772000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    396772000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1319845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1319845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24676.410225                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24676.410225                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24676.410225                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24676.410225                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    364616000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    364616000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    364616000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    364616000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22676.534610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22676.534610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22676.534610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22676.534610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      15822                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1303766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1303766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         16079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             16079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    396772000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    396772000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1319845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24676.410225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24676.410225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    364616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    364616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22676.534610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22676.534610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3960289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.433500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1117186                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 15822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 70.609657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.433500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.982162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.982162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1335923                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1335923                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3960289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4042                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4042                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           57                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8141                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8141                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8141                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       262336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       262336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  262336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4327000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21586250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3960289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          115968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          142720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              258688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       115968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         115968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         3648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             3648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1812                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            57                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  57                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           29282711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           36037774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               65320485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      29282711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          29282711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          921145                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                921145                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          921145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          29282711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          36037774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              66241630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        57.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1812.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2230.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003662664500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             2                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             2                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9156                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  32                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4042                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          57                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4042                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        57                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                 85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       12.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      36474250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    20210000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                112261750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9023.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27773.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2678                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       29                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 50.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4042                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    57                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4042                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1367                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     190.642282                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    139.820800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    183.979963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           484     35.41%     35.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          531     38.84%     74.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          185     13.53%     87.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           77      5.63%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           26      1.90%     95.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           22      1.61%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           13      0.95%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.66%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           20      1.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1367                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            1965                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     985.507483                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    2404.163056                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.970563                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.414214                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1     50.00%     50.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1     50.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  258688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     2176                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   258688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  3648                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         65.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      65.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.92                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3956829000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      965315.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       115968                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       142720                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         2176                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 29282711.438483405858                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 36037774.010937087238                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 549454.850390968961                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1812                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2230                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           57                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     48584250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     63677500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  26709253000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26812.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28554.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 468583385.96                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     66.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5247900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2785530                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             14365680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              167040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      312237120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1107888480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         587792640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2030484390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         512.711166                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1517872500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    132080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2310336500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4526760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2402235                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             14494200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy               10440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      312237120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         648017040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         975052800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1956740595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         494.090354                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2528559750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    132080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1299649250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3960289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3960289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3960289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           333963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               333963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          333963                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              333963                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           7127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               7127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          7127                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              7127                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    256454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256454000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    256454000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       341090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           341090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       341090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          341090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35983.443244                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35983.443244                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35983.443244                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35983.443244                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3963                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3963                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    242200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    242200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    242200000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    242200000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33983.443244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33983.443244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33983.443244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33983.443244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6871                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          197308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              197308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    103339000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103339000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       201651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          201651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23794.381764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23794.381764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     94653000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94653000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21794.381764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21794.381764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         136655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             136655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    153115000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    153115000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       139439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         139439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54998.204023                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54998.204023                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147547000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147547000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019966                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019966                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52998.204023                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52998.204023                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3960289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               250.617068                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  291894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6871                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 42.482026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   250.617068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.978973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.978973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                348217                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               348217                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3960289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3960289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3960289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                6758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3611                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3147                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               6758                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         12468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             16448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            16448                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    267439000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    185312000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    452751000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    267439000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    185312000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    452751000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           23206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          23206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.708782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.708782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21450.032082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46560.804020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27526.203794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21450.032082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46560.804020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27526.203794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2948                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2948                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    242505000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    177352000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    419857000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    242505000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    177352000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    419857000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19450.192493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44560.804020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25526.325389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19450.192493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44560.804020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25526.325389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     18586                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               6758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            16448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    267439000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    185312000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    452751000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          23206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.708782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21450.032082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46560.804020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27526.203794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    242505000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    177352000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    419857000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19450.192493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44560.804020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25526.325389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3963                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3963                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3963                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3963                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3960289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.672686                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  25317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                18586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.362154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   112.595972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   190.848734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   196.227980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.219914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.372751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.383258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.975923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                46267                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               46267                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3960289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                23206                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               23205                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3963                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        32157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   50374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       709760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1028992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1738752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            80390000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             43021000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            35635000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3960289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3960289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3960289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3960289000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7741501000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 105810                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34332696                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   218111                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    18.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              409533105                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000131                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4122993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007742                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7741501000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            489718                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000131                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4122993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      394326                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           139                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      255607                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            96                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2631699                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           227                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7741490                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7741490                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3011621                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1279102                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       359547                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 163836                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        163836                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               275975                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              140648                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       88243                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3981139                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3981139                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7662100                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3220116                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      393659                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        649083                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     255424                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 27732      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3319894     80.52%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.10%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    42408      1.03%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.04%     82.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    29136      0.71%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   49083      1.19%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   369987      8.97%     93.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  253431      6.15%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               23672      0.57%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4123035                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    15                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           23176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19777                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3399                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          23176                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2437                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4856                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7293                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148417000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    295112000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    443529000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148417000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    295112000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    443529000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        30469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        30469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.588250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.239358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.588250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.239358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60901.518260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60772.652389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60815.713698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60901.518260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60772.652389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60815.713698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               79                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143543000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    285400000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    428943000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143543000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    285400000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    428943000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.588250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.588250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58901.518260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58772.652389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58815.713698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58901.518260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58772.652389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58815.713698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   182                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          23176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2437                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148417000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    295112000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    443529000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        30469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.588250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.239358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60901.518260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60772.652389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60815.713698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    143543000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    285400000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    428943000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.588250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58901.518260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58772.652389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58815.713698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5560                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5560                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5560                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5560                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741501000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3924.433629                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1215                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              182                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             6.675824                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     4.385459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1712.857976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2207.190194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.026136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.033679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.059882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1569                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.109085                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            43360                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           43360                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741501000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2602584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2602584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2602584                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2602584                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29115                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29115                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    669854000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    669854000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    669854000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    669854000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2631699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2631699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23007.178430                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23007.178430                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23007.178430                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23007.178430                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    611624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    611624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    611624000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    611624000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21007.178430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21007.178430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21007.178430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21007.178430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28859                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2602584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2602584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    669854000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    669854000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2631699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23007.178430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23007.178430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    611624000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    611624000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21007.178430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21007.178430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741501000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.663934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2321747                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28859                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.451402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.663934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2660814                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2660814                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741501000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7293                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7293                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           79                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14665                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14665                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14665                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       471808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       471808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  471808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7688000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           38884000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741501000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          155968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          310784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              466752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       155968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         155968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         5056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             5056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4856                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7293                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            79                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  79                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           20146997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           40145186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               60292184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      20146997                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          20146997                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          653103                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                653103                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          653103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          20146997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          40145186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              60945287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        79.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2437.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4854.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007106004500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                16648                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  49                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7293                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          79                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7293                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        79                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       18.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      63754750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    36455000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                200461000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8744.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27494.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5041                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       45                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  69.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 56.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7293                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    79                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7291                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     208.255319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    146.349365                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    214.029988                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           783     34.71%     34.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          860     38.12%     72.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          299     13.25%     86.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          113      5.01%     91.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           35      1.55%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           44      1.95%     94.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           42      1.86%     96.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           24      1.06%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           56      2.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     1575.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     918.176257                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1828.863399                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.333333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.306995                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.154701                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1     33.33%     33.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2     66.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  466624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     3328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   466752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  5056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         60.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      60.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7740743000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1050019.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       155968                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       310656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         3328                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 20146997.332946158946                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 40128652.053393781185                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 429890.792496183887                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2437                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4856                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           79                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     67155250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    133305750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  81818862000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27556.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27451.76                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1035681797.47                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6868680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3646995                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             20420400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              261000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      610952160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1538296620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1677328800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3857774655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         498.323859                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4346152500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    258440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3136908500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9246300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4914525                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             31637340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy               10440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      610952160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1708765950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1533775680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3899302395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         503.688160                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3970339500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    258440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3512721500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741501000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741501000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741501000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           635260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               635260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          635260                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              635260                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14631                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14631                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    537968000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    537968000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    537968000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    537968000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       649891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           649891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       649891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          649891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.022513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36769.052013                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36769.052013                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36769.052013                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36769.052013                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7475                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7475                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    508708000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    508708000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    508708000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    508708000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34769.188709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34769.188709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34769.188709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34769.188709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14374                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          384481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              384481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          9845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              9845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287082000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    287082000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       394326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          394326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29160.182834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29160.182834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    267394000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    267394000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27160.385983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27160.385983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         250779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             250779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4786                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4786                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    250886000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    250886000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       255565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         255565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52420.810698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52420.810698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4786                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4786                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241314000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    241314000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018727                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018727                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50420.810698                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50420.810698                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741501000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.246275                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  646584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14374                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 44.982886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.246275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                664521                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               664521                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741501000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741501000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741501000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               13276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6375                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              13276                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             30470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            30470                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    432325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    392715000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    825040000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    432325000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    392715000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    825040000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           43746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          43746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.696521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.696521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19461.825876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47567.223837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27077.125041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19461.825876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47567.223837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27077.125041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5560                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5560                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        30470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    387897000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376205000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    764102000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    387897000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376205000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    764102000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17461.825876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45567.466085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25077.190679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17461.825876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45567.466085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25077.190679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     34255                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              13276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            30470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    432325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    392715000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    825040000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          43746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.696521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19461.825876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47567.223837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27077.125041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    387897000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376205000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    764102000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17461.825876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45567.466085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25077.190679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7475                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7475                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7475                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7475                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741501000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.693765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                34255                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.479813                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   103.474408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   161.940342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   240.279015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.202098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.316290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.469295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          316                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                85988                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               85988                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741501000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                43746                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               43745                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7475                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        36736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   94966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1414720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1863360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3278080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145575000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             81121000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            73150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741501000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741501000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7741501000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7741501000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11227482000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 113087                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34332696                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   229881                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    26.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              423212503                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000067                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6098549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011227                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11227482000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            774141                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000067                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6098549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      556572                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           268                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      317944                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           112                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3908910                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11227471                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11227471                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4349543                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1922868                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       559802                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      145332                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5937570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5937570                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11279380                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4828317                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      555525                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        873286                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     317761                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30673      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5050674     82.82%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.07%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.89%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.03%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.53%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.85%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   528913      8.67%     94.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  315768      5.18%     99.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.44%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6098599                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           25598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19811                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5787                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          25598                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        10726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         13173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2447                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10726                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        13173                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148965000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    638376000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    787341000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148965000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    638376000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    787341000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        38771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        38771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.339764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.339764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60876.583572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59516.688421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59769.300843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60876.583572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59516.688421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59769.300843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               79                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        13173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        13173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144071000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    616924000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    760995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144071000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    616924000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    760995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58876.583572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57516.688421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57769.300843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58876.583572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57516.688421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57769.300843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   382                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          25598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        13173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148965000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    638376000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    787341000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        38771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.339764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60876.583572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59516.688421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59769.300843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144071000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    616924000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    760995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.109938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58876.583572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57516.688421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57769.300843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11227482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5941.042783                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               4244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              382                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            11.109948                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     7.370644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1888.411471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4045.260668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.028815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.061726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.090653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12829                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          878                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2624                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.195755                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            58112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           58112                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11227482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3879749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3879749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3879749                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3879749                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29161                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29161                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    671248000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    671248000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    671248000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    671248000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3908910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3908910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23018.689345                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23018.689345                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23018.689345                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23018.689345                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    612926000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    612926000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    612926000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    612926000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21018.689345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21018.689345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21018.689345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21018.689345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28905                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3879749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3879749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    671248000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    671248000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3908910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23018.689345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23018.689345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    612926000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    612926000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21018.689345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21018.689345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11227482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.389251                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2326345                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28905                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.482442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.389251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3938071                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3938071                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11227482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               13173                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13173                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           79                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        26425                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        26425                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  26425                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       848128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       848128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  848128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            13568000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           69879750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11227482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          156608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          686464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              843072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       156608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         156608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         5056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             5056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2447                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10726                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                13173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            79                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  79                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           13948631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           61141403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               75090034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      13948631                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          13948631                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          450324                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                450324                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          450324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          13948631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          61141403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              75540357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        79.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2447.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     10724.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007106004500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                29302                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  49                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        13173                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          79                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      13173                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        79                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     101681000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    65855000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                348637250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7720.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26470.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     10308                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       45                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  78.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 56.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  13173                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    79                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    13171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2869                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     294.881840                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    187.669225                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    301.994004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           816     28.44%     28.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          935     32.59%     61.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          428     14.92%     75.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          134      4.67%     80.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           57      1.99%     82.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           69      2.41%     85.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          118      4.11%     89.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          107      3.73%     92.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          205      7.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2869                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     1575.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     918.176257                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1828.863399                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.333333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.306995                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.154701                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1     33.33%     33.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2     66.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  842944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     3328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   843072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  5056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         75.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      75.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11226843000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      847181.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       156608                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       686336                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         3328                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 13948630.690300816670                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 61130002.256961978972                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 296415.527542150579                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2447                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10726                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           79                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     67370250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    281267000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  81818862000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27531.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26222.92                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1035681797.47                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     78.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9346260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4963860                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             41997480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              261000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      885696240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2480522010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2222492640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5645279490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         502.809044                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5755174500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    374660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5097647500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11145540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5923995                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             52043460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy               10440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      885696240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2347574640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2334448320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5636842635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         502.057597                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6045894250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    374660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4806927750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11227482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11227482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11227482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           850858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               850858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          850858                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              850858                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23608                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23608                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1037179000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1037179000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1037179000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1037179000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       874466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           874466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       874466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          874466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43933.370044                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43933.370044                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43933.370044                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43933.370044                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8294                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8294                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    989965000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    989965000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    989965000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    989965000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41933.454761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41933.454761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41933.454761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41933.454761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      23351                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          538398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              538398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         18174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             18174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    751747000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    751747000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       556572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          556572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41363.871465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41363.871465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    715401000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    715401000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39363.981512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39363.981512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         312460                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             312460                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5434                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5434                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    285432000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    285432000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       317894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         317894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52527.051895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52527.051895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5434                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5434                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274564000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    274564000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50527.051895                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50527.051895                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11227482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.101269                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  870581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 23351                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.282386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.101269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                898073                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               898073                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11227482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11227482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11227482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               13997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7094                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              13997                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             38772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            38772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433425000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    831593000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1265018000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433425000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    831593000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1265018000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           52769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          52769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.734750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.734750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19472.773834                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50356.848734                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32627.102032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19472.773834                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50356.848734                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32627.102032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6130                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6130                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    388909000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    798567000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1187476000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    388909000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    798567000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1187476000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.734750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.734750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17472.773834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48356.969844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30627.153616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17472.773834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48356.969844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30627.153616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     42979                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              13997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            38772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433425000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    831593000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1265018000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          52769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.734750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19472.773834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50356.848734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32627.102032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    388909000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    798567000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1187476000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.734750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17472.773834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48356.969844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30627.153616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8294                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8294                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8294                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8294                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11227482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.651765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  60472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                42979                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.407013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    75.163232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   111.973115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   320.515419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.146803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.218697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.626007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          258                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               104554                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              104554                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11227482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                52769                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               52768                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8294                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        55509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  113831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2041664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1866304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3907968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145805000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             94239000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           118035000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11227482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11227482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11227482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11227482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14499404000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 119927                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34332696                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   239590                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    33.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              434672843                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000376                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7992012                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014499                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14499404000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1034976                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000376                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7992012                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      736330                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           366                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      408905                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           147                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5167019                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14499393                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14499393                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5519727                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2508072                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       727795                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      204686                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7831049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7831049                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14932898                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6370000                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      735283                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1144005                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     408722                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30674      0.38%      0.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6673434     83.50%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.05%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.68%     84.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.02%     84.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.40%     85.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.65%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   708671      8.87%     94.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  406729      5.09%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.33%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7992079                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        12358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           32169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19811                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        12358                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          32169                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        11877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         14331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2454                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        11877                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        14331                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149371000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    706163000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    855534000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149371000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    706163000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    855534000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        46500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        46500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.308194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.308194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60868.378158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59456.344195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59698.136906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60868.378158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59456.344195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59698.136906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               79                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        14331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11877                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        14331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144463000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    682409000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    826872000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144463000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    682409000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    826872000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110218                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58868.378158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57456.344195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57698.136906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58868.378158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57456.344195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57698.136906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   420                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        12358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          32169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        11877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        14331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149371000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    706163000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    855534000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        46500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.308194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60868.378158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59456.344195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59698.136906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144463000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    682409000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    826872000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58868.378158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57456.344195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57698.136906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7653                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7653                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7653                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7653                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14499404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7654.977344                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               4339                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              420                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            10.330952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     8.866618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1949.379464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  5696.731262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.029745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.086925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.116806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13949                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9862                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3928                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.212845                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            68522                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           68522                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14499404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5137851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5137851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5137851                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5137851                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    671773000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    671773000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    671773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    671773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5167019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5167019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5167019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5167019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23031.164290                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23031.164290                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23031.164290                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23031.164290                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    613437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    613437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21031.164290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21031.164290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21031.164290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21031.164290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28912                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5137851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5137851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    671773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    671773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5167019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5167019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23031.164290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23031.164290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    613437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21031.164290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21031.164290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14499404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.752731                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2326476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.467488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.752731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5196187                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5196187                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14499404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           79                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        28741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        28741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  28741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       922240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       922240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  922240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            14726000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           76046250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14499404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          157056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          760128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              917184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       157056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         157056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         5056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             5056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2454                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            11877                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                14331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            79                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  79                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10831894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           52424776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               63256669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10831894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10831894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          348704                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                348704                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          348704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10831894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          52424776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              63605373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        79.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2454.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     11875.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007106004500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                32460                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  49                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        14331                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          79                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      14331                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        79                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     109571000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    71645000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                378239750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7646.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26396.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11104                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       45                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  77.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 56.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  14331                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    79                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    14329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3232                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     284.772277                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    187.715732                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    286.897504                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           854     26.42%     26.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1038     32.12%     58.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          650     20.11%     78.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          134      4.15%     82.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           57      1.76%     84.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           69      2.13%     86.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          118      3.65%     90.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          107      3.31%     93.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          205      6.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3232                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     1575.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     918.176257                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1828.863399                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.333333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.306995                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.154701                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1     33.33%     33.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2     66.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  917056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     3328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   917184                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  5056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         63.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      63.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14493791000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1005814.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       157056                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       760000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         3328                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10831893.504036441445                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 52415947.579638443887                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 229526.675717153616                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2454                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        11877                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           79                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     67542750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    310697000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  81818862000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27523.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26159.55                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1035681797.47                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10224480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5434440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             45353280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              261000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1144459680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2890163340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3133949760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7229845980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         498.630563                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8121247750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    484120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5894036250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12852000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6831000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             56955780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy               10440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1144459680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3062530770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2988798240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7272437910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         501.568058                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7740807250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    484120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6274476750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14499404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14499404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14499404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1112529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1112529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1112529                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1112529                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          32639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              32639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         32639                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             32639                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1269018000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1269018000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1269018000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1269018000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1145168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1145168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1145168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1145168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38880.419130                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38880.419130                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38880.419130                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38880.419130                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10167                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10167                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         32639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1203742000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1203742000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1203742000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1203742000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36880.480407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36880.480407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36880.480407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36880.480407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      32382                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          710643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              710643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    890719000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    890719000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       736330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          736330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34675.867170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34675.867170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    839347000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    839347000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32675.945031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32675.945031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         401886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             401886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6952                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6952                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    378299000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    378299000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       408838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         408838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017004                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017004                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54415.851554                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54415.851554                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    364395000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    364395000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52415.851554                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52415.851554                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14499404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.529735                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1133369                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 32382                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 34.999969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.529735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1177806                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1177806                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14499404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14499404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14499404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               15306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8403                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              15306                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         24236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             46501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            46501                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433908000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    997464000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1431372000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433908000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    997464000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1431372000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           61807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          61807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.752358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.752358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19488.344936                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41156.296419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30781.531580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19488.344936                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41156.296419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30781.531580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7653                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7653                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    389378000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    948994000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1338372000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    389378000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    948994000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1338372000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17488.344936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39156.378940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28781.574590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17488.344936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39156.378940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28781.574590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     51612                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              15306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            46501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    997464000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1431372000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          61807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.752358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19488.344936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41156.296419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30781.531580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    389378000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    948994000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1338372000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17488.344936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39156.378940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28781.574590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10167                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10167                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10167                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10167                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14499404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.632984                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  71342                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                51612                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.382275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    71.038635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    86.727581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   350.866768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.138747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.169390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.685287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               124098                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              124098                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14499404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                61807                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               61806                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10167                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  133780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2739520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1866752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4606272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            112642000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           163190000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14499404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14499404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14499404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14499404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17745082000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 124069                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34332696                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   245683                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    40.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              440312640                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000083                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9901284                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017745                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17745082000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1268510                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000083                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9901284                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      920708                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           417                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      511340                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6441252                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17745071                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17745071                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6523537                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3081676                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       854806                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      270240                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9740329                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9740329                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18747386                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7943311                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      919661                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1430818                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     511157                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30674      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8295901     83.79%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.04%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.55%     84.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.02%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.32%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.53%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   893049      9.02%     94.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  509164      5.14%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.27%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9901359                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        16285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           36096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19811                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        16285                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          36096                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         14843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2454                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12389                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        14843                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149371000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    739646000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    889017000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149371000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    739646000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    889017000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        28674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        28674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.291388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.291388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60868.378158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59701.832271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59894.697837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60868.378158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59701.832271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59894.697837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               79                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        14843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        14843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144463000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    714868000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    859331000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144463000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    714868000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    859331000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110218                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58868.378158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57701.832271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57894.697837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58868.378158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57701.832271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57894.697837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   497                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        16285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          36096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        14843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149371000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    739646000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    889017000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.291388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60868.378158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59701.832271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59894.697837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144463000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    714868000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    859331000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58868.378158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57701.832271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57894.697837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8459                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8459                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8459                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8459                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17745082000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8845.331880                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               5157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            10.376258                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     9.805543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1975.955513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  6859.570823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.030151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.104669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.134969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6841                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.219482                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            74279                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           74279                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17745082000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6412084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6412084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6412084                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6412084                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    671773000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    671773000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    671773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    671773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6441252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6441252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23031.164290                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23031.164290                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23031.164290                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23031.164290                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    613437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    613437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21031.164290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21031.164290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21031.164290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21031.164290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28912                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6412084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6412084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    671773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    671773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6441252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23031.164290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23031.164290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    613437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21031.164290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21031.164290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17745082000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.980864                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2326476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.467488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.980864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6470420                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6470420                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17745082000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14843                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14843                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           79                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        29765                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        29765                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  29765                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       955008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       955008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  955008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15238000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           78801750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17745082000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          157056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          792896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              949952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       157056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         157056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         5056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             5056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2454                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                14843                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            79                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  79                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            8850678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           44682577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               53533255                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       8850678                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           8850678                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          284924                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                284924                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          284924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           8850678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          44682577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              53818179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        79.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2454.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12387.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007106004500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                34316                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  49                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        14843                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          79                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      14843                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        79                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     116362500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    74205000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                394631250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7840.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26590.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11338                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       45                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  76.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 56.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  14843                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    79                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    14841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3510                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     271.553276                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    179.883069                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    279.226128                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           942     26.84%     26.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1228     34.99%     61.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          650     18.52%     80.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          134      3.82%     84.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           57      1.62%     85.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           69      1.97%     87.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          118      3.36%     91.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          107      3.05%     94.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          205      5.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3510                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     1575.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     918.176257                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1828.863399                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.333333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.306995                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.154701                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1     33.33%     33.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2     66.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  949824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     3328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   949952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  5056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         53.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      53.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17744562000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1189154.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       157056                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       792768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         3328                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 8850677.613098660484                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 44675364.137511454523                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 187544.920896956144                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2454                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12389                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           79                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     67542750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    327088500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  81818862000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27523.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26401.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1035681797.47                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10802820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5741835                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             46559940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              261000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1400764560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3151427970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4160293440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8775851565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         494.551198                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10787150750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    592484500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6365446750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14258580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7578615                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             59404800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy               10440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1400764560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3598487520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3783816960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8864321475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         499.536800                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9802651500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    592498250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7349932250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17745082000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17745082000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17745082000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1393689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1393689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1393689                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1393689                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          38284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              38284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         38284                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             38284                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1403910000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1403910000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1403910000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1403910000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1431973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1431973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1431973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1431973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36670.933027                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36670.933027                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36670.933027                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36670.933027                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           11267                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 11267                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         38284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1327344000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1327344000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1327344000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1327344000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34670.985268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34670.985268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34670.985268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34670.985268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      38027                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          890180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              890180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    979040000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    979040000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       920708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          920708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32070.230608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32070.230608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    917986000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    917986000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30070.296122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30070.296122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         503509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             503509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7756                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7756                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    424870000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    424870000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       511265                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         511265                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54779.525529                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54779.525529                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    409358000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    409358000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015170                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015170                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52779.525529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52779.525529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17745082000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.798655                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1415754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 38027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.230231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.798655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1470256                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1470256                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17745082000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17745082000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17745082000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9609                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16512                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         28675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        28675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50940                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433908000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1087630000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1521538000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433908000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1087630000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1521538000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           67452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          67452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.755204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.755204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19488.344936                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37929.555362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29869.218689                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19488.344936                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37929.555362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29869.218689                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8459                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8459                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    389378000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1030282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1419660000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    389378000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1030282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1419660000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17488.344936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35929.625109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27869.257951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17488.344936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35929.625109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27869.257951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     56511                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        28675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1087630000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1521538000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          67452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.755204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19488.344936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37929.555362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29869.218689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    389378000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1030282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1419660000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17488.344936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35929.625109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27869.257951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17745082000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.248831                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  78076                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                56511                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.381607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    65.956749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    70.864606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   372.427476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.128822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.138407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.727397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               135742                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              135742                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17745082000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                67452                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               67451                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         11267                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        87834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  146170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3171200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1866752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5037952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            123787000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           191415000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17745082000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17745082000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17745082000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17745082000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21000224000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 127710                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34332696                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   251397                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    46.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              446972852                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000184                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11811449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021000                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21000224000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1502225                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000184                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11811449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1105147                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           473                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      613838                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           179                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7716057                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21000213                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21000213                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7527682                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3655534                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       981880                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      335800                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11650502                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11650502                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22563386                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9517272                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1104101                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1717755                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     613654                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30674      0.26%      0.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9919137     83.98%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.03%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.46%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.01%     84.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.27%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.44%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1077489      9.12%     94.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  611661      5.18%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.23%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11811532                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        20305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           40116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19811                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        20305                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          40116                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         15361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2454                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12907                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        15361                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149371000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    771964000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    921335000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149371000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    771964000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    921335000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        55477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        55477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.388625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.276890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.388625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.276890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60868.378158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59809.715658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59978.842523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60868.378158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59809.715658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59978.842523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               79                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        15361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        15361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144463000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    746150000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    890613000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144463000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    746150000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    890613000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110218                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.388625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.388625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58868.378158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57809.715658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57978.842523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58868.378158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57809.715658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57978.842523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   506                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        20305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          40116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        15361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149371000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    771964000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    921335000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        55477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.388625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.276890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60868.378158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59809.715658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59978.842523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144463000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    746150000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    890613000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.388625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58868.378158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57809.715658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57978.842523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9317                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9317                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9317                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9317                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21000224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         9745.678485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               5226                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              506                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            10.328063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    10.455706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1989.590224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7745.632555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.030359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.118189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.148707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14893                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12589                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.227249                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            80193                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           80193                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21000224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7686889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7686889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7686889                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7686889                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    671773000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    671773000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    671773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    671773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7716057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7716057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7716057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7716057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23031.164290                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23031.164290                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23031.164290                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23031.164290                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    613437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    613437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21031.164290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21031.164290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21031.164290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21031.164290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28912                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7686889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7686889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    671773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    671773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7716057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7716057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23031.164290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23031.164290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    613437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21031.164290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21031.164290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21000224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.138835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2326476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.467488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.138835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7745225                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7745225                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21000224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               15361                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15361                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           79                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        30801                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        30801                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  30801                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       988160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       988160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  988160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15756000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           81576750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21000224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          157056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          826048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              983104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       157056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         157056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         5056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             5056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2454                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                15361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            79                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  79                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7478777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           39335199                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               46813977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7478777                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7478777                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          240759                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                240759                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          240759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7478777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          39335199                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              47054736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        79.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2454.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12905.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007106004500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                36190                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  49                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        15361                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          79                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      15361                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        79                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     121689000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    76795000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                409670250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7922.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26672.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11624                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       45                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 56.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  15361                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    79                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3742                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     263.576697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    176.957258                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    272.347452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           957     25.57%     25.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1445     38.62%     64.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          650     17.37%     81.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          134      3.58%     85.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           57      1.52%     86.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           69      1.84%     88.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          118      3.15%     91.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          107      2.86%     94.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          205      5.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3742                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     1575.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     918.176257                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1828.863399                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.333333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.306995                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.154701                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1     33.33%     33.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2     66.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  982976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     3328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   983104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  5056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         46.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      46.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    20996942000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1359905.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       157056                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       825920                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         3328                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7478777.369231870398                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 39329104.299077950418                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 158474.500081522943                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2454                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12907                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           79                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     67542750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    342127500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  81818862000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27523.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26507.13                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1035681797.47                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12459300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6622275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             50258460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              261000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1657684080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3827288370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4841106720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10395680205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         495.027110                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12551067500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    701220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7747936500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14258580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7578615                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             59404800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy               10440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1657684080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3645424740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4994255040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10378616295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         494.214552                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12949071750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    701220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7349932250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21000224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21000224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21000224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1674292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1674292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1674292                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1674292                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          44610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              44610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         44610                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             44610                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1548236000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1548236000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1548236000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1548236000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1718902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1718902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1718902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1718902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34706.030038                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34706.030038                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34706.030038                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34706.030038                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12510                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12510                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         44610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1459018000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1459018000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1459018000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1459018000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32706.074871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32706.074871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32706.074871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32706.074871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      44353                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1069070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1069070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         36077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             36077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1078360000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1078360000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1105147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1105147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29890.511961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29890.511961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1006206000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1006206000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27890.511961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27890.511961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         605222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             605222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    469876000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    469876000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       613755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         613755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013903                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.013903                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55065.744756                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55065.744756                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8533                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8533                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    452812000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    452812000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013903                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013903                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53065.979140                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53065.979140                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21000224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.984870                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1710684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 44353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 38.569747                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.984870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1763511                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1763511                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21000224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21000224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21000224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          11397                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             55478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33213                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            55478                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433908000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1177906000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1611814000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433908000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1177906000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1611814000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        44610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           73778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        44610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          73778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.751959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.751959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19488.344936                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35465.209406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29053.210282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19488.344936                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35465.209406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29053.210282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9317                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9317                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55478                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    389378000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1111482000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1500860000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    389378000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1111482000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1500860000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.751959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.751959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17488.344936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33465.269623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27053.246332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17488.344936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33465.269623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27053.246332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     61635                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          11397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            55478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    433908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1177906000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1611814000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        44610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          73778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.751959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19488.344936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35465.209406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29053.210282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    389378000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1111482000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1500860000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.751959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17488.344936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33465.269623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27053.246332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12510                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12510                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12510                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12510                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21000224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.675276                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  85664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                61635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.389860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    66.054786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    59.880230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   383.740260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.129013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.116954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.749493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               148435                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              148435                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21000224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                73778                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               73777                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12510                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       101729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  160065                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3655616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1866752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5522368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            136328000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           223045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21000224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21000224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21000224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21000224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24313970000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 135501                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34332828                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   265579                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    51.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              470650330                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13719874                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024314                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24313970000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1730692                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13719874                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1303127                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           604                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      732012                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           180                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8964792                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24313970                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24313970                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8458427                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4214332                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1108376                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      394303                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13558926                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13558926                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            26354402                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           11079054                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1302081                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2033910                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     731829                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30675      0.22%      0.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  11511406     83.90%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.03%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.39%     84.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.01%     84.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.23%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.38%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1275469      9.30%     94.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  729836      5.32%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.19%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13719957                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        30124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           49935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19811                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        30124                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          49935                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         15421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2461                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12960                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        15421                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149777000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    775252000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    925029000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149777000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    775252000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    925029000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        65356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        65356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.300808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.235954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.300808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.235954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60860.219423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59818.827160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59985.020427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60860.219423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59818.827160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59985.020427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               79                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        15421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        15421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144855000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    749332000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    894187000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144855000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    749332000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    894187000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.300808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235954                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.300808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235954                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58860.219423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57818.827160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57985.020427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58860.219423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57818.827160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57985.020427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   508                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        30124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          49935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12960                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        15421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149777000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    775252000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    925029000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        65356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.300808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.235954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60860.219423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59818.827160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59985.020427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144855000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    749332000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    894187000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.110497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.300808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58860.219423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57818.827160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57985.020427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11938                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11938                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11938                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11938                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24313970000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        10454.544458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              77294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            15459                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.999935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    10.938757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1999.300203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8444.305498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.030507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.128850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.159524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14951                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13833                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.228134                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            92753                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           92753                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24313970000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8935617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8935617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8935617                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8935617                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29175                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29175                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    672301000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    672301000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    672301000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    672301000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8964792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8964792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23043.736075                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23043.736075                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23043.736075                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23043.736075                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613951000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    613951000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613951000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    613951000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21043.736075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21043.736075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21043.736075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21043.736075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28919                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8935617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8935617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    672301000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    672301000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8964792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23043.736075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23043.736075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613951000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    613951000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21043.736075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21043.736075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24313970000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.256203                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 8964792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 29175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                307.276504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.256203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8993967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8993967                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24313970000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               15421                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15421                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           79                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        30921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        30921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  30921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       992000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       992000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  992000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15816000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           81899250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24313970000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          157504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          829440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              986944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       157504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         157504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         5056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             5056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12960                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                15421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            79                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  79                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            6477922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           34113721                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               40591643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       6477922                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           6477922                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          207946                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                207946                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          207946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           6477922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          34113721                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              40799590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        79.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2461.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12958.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007106004500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                37160                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  49                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        15421                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          79                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      15421                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        79                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.21                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     122255500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    77095000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                411361750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7928.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26678.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11654                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       45                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 56.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  15421                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    79                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15419                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     262.498409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    176.393779                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    271.569226                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           964     25.56%     25.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1467     38.89%     64.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          651     17.26%     81.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          134      3.55%     85.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           57      1.51%     86.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           69      1.83%     88.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          118      3.13%     91.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          107      2.84%     94.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          205      5.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     1575.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     918.176257                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1828.863399                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.333333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.306995                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.154701                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1     33.33%     33.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2     66.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  986816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     3328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   986944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  5056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         40.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      40.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21689747000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1399338.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       157504                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       829312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         3328                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 6477921.951865532435                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 34108456.989952690899                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 136876.042867536657                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2461                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12960                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           79                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     67715250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    343646500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  81818862000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27515.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26515.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1035681797.47                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.49                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12652080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6724740                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             50636880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              261000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1918906080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3942317220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6016718400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11948216400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         491.413636                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15606342750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    811720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7895907250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14280000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7590000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             59454780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy               10440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1918906080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3697170480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6223157760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11920569540                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         490.276559                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16143467500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    811720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7358782500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24313970000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24313970000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24313970000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1979620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1979620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1979620                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1979620                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          55436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              55436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         55436                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             55436                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1753343000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1753343000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1753343000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1753343000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2035056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2035056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2035056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2035056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31628.237968                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31628.237968                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31628.237968                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31628.237968                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15469                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15469                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         55436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1642471000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1642471000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1642471000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1642471000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29628.237968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29628.237968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29628.237968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29628.237968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      55180                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1256513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1256513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         46614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             46614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1275583000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1275583000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1303127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1303127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.035771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27364.804565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27364.804565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1182355000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1182355000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25364.804565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25364.804565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         723107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             723107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8822                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8822                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    477760000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    477760000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       731929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         731929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.012053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54155.520290                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54155.520290                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8822                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8822                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    460116000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    460116000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012053                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012053                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52155.520290                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52155.520290                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24313970000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.123222                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2035056                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 55436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 36.710008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.123222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2090492                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2090492                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24313970000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24313970000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24313970000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          12352                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19255                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         43084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             65356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            65356                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434391000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1309424000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1743815000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434391000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1309424000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1743815000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        55436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           84611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        55436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          84611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.772429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.772429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19503.906250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30392.349828                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26681.788971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19503.906250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30392.349828                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26681.788971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11938                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11938                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        65356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        65356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    389847000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1223256000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1613103000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    389847000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1223256000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1613103000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17503.906250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28392.349828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24681.788971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17503.906250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28392.349828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24681.788971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     73543                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          12352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            65356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434391000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1309424000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1743815000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        55436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          84611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.772429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19503.906250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30392.349828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26681.788971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        65356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    389847000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1223256000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1613103000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17503.906250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28392.349828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24681.788971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24313970000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.992112                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 100080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                74055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.351428                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    67.754464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    51.750436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   390.487212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.132333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.101075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.762670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          288                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               174135                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              174135                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24313970000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                84611                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               84611                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15469                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       126341                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  184691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4537920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1867200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6405120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145875000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            161956000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           277180000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24313970000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24313970000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24313970000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24313970000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
