
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18043565000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  43054                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34202748                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    77996                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    23.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              776837442                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1811614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018044                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18043565000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            201594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1811614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      200959                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      246172                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         96260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1251628                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18043554                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18043554                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1012108                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              794611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       199499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1857322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1857322                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3422504                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1410106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      200915                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        447086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     246171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1409874     75.81%     75.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.01%     75.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.05%     75.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.02%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.02%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   200599     10.79%     86.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  245995     13.23%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.02%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1859740                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              79                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           69                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             79                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       192787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        193433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       192787                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       193433                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11797412000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  11835525000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11797412000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  11835525000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       192797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       193512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       192797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       193512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.452012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61194.022419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61186.689965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.452012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61194.022419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61186.689965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       192376                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           192376                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       193433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       193433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36821000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11411838000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11448659000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36821000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11411838000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11448659000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999948                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.452012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59194.022419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59186.689965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.452012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59194.022419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59186.689965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                192589                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           69                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             79                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       192787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       193433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11797412000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11835525000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       192797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       193512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.452012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61194.022419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61186.689965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       193433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11411838000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11448659000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.452012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59194.022419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59186.689965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       192515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       192515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       192515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       192515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18043565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          861.715006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             384963                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           192589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998884                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     9.900337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   489.758014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   362.056655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.239140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.176785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.420759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          866                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.422852                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           579482                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          579482                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18043565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1250871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1250871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1250871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1250871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     51055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     51055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1251628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1251628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1251628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1251628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67443.857332                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67443.857332                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67443.857332                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67443.857332                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49541000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49541000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49541000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49541000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65443.857332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65443.857332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65443.857332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65443.857332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1250871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1250871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     51055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1251628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1251628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67443.857332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67443.857332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49541000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49541000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65443.857332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65443.857332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18043565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.340328                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   33715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.107843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.340328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.962267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.962267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1252385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1252385                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18043565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              193433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       192376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       579242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       579242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 579242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     24691776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     24691776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                24691776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1155313000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1023713750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18043565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           41344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        12338368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            12379712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        41344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          41344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     12312064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         12312064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           192787                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               193433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        192376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              192376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2291343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          683809879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              686101222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2291343                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2291343                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       682352074                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             682352074                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       682352074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2291343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         683809879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1368453296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    192376.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       646.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    192787.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000048425750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         12022                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         12022                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               571851                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              180341                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       193433                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      192376                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     193433                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    192376                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              12153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              12066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              12093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              12049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              12115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              12071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              12073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              12130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              12057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              12042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             12095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             12068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             12103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             12088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             12148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             12082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              12016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              12016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              12017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              12024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              12026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              12027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              12024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              12024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              12025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              12024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             12024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             12025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             12026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             12022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             12021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             12017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1768818250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   967165000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5395687000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9144.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27894.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    166823                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   166015                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 193433                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                192376                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   193432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   12023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   12022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   12024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   12022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   12022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   12022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   12022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   12022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   12022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   12022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   12022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   12022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   12022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   12022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   12022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   12022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        52946                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     466.280361                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    445.607428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    106.692035                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           129      0.24%      0.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2378      4.49%      4.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4559      8.61%     13.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2328      4.40%     17.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        43526     82.21%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         52946                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12022                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.089835                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.006094                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       9.795297                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           12021     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          12022                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12022                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000499                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000457                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.038693                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             12020     99.98%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          12022                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                12379712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 12310912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 12379712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              12312064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        686.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        682.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     686.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     682.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18043521000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46768.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        41344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     12338368                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     12310912                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2291343.201856174041                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 683809879.034436941147                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 682288228.518033981323                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          646                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       192787                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       192376                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16579000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5379108000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 442467571250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25664.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27901.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2300014.41                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             189060060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             100461240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            690316620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           502080480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1424120880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7535368650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         583155360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11024563290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         610.996956                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1454445250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    602420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  15986699750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             189024360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             100468830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            690795000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           502028280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1424120880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7525970490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         591069600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11023477440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         610.936777                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1475051250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    602420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  15966093750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18043565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18043565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18043565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           206089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               206089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          206091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              206091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         192914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             192914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        192914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            192914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15076728000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15076728000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15076728000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15076728000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       399003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           399003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       399005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          399005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.483490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.483490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.483488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.483488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78152.586126                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78152.586126                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78152.586126                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78152.586126                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          192632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                192632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        192914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       192914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14690902000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14690902000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14690902000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14690902000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.483490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.483488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76152.596494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76152.596494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76152.596494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76152.596494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     192727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          200722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              200722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       200957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          200957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57634.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57634.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55634.042553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55634.042553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       192679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           192679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15063184000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15063184000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       198046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         198046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.972900                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.972900                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78177.611468                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78177.611468                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       192679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14677828000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14677828000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.972900                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972900                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76177.621848                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76177.621848                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18043565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.567832                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  199478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                192727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.035029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.567832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.724874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.724874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                591918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               591918                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18043565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18043565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18043565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        192798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            193513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       192798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           193513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46116000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13918199000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  13964315000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46116000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13918199000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  13964315000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       192914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          193671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       192914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         193671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64497.902098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72190.577703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72162.154481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64497.902098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72190.577703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72162.154481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         192515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               192515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       193513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       193513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44686000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13532605000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13577291000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44686000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13532605000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13577291000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62497.902098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70190.588077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70162.164816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62497.902098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70190.588077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70162.164816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    193124                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       192798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           193513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46116000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13918199000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13964315000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       192914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         193671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64497.902098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72190.577703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72162.154481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       193513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44686000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13532605000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13577291000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62497.902098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70190.588077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70162.164816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       192632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       192632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       192632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       192632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18043565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              441.865890                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 385696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               193124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.940138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.195656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.730097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.038946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.529679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.863019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               579870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              579870                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18043565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               193671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              193670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        192632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       578459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  579973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     24674880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 24723328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1156831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           964565000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18043565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18043565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18043565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18043565000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                36582292000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  47084                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34206152                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    85024                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    42.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              861211399                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3611614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.036582                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 36582292000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            401594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3611614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      400959                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      496172                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        196260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2501628                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         36582281                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   36582281                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2012108                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1594611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       399499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3707322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3707322                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6822504                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2810106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      400915                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        897086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     496171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2809874     75.74%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.03%     75.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.01%     75.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.01%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   400599     10.80%     86.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  495995     13.37%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3709740                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              79                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           69                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             79                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       392787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        393433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       392787                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       393433                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24036139000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  24074252000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24036139000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  24074252000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       392797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       393512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       392797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       393512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.452012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61193.825152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61190.220444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.452012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61193.825152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61190.220444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       392376                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           392376                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       393433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       393433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36821000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23250565000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23287386000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36821000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23250565000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23287386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.452012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59193.825152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59190.220444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.452012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59193.825152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59190.220444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                392589                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           69                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             79                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       392787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       393433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24036139000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24074252000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       392797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       393512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.452012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61193.825152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61190.220444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       393433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23250565000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23287386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.452012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59193.825152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59190.220444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       392515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       392515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       392515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       392515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36582292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          863.886503                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             784963                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           392589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     9.950843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   490.894180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   363.041480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.239694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.177266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.421820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          866                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.422852                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1179482                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1179482                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36582292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2500871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2500871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2500871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2500871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     51055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     51055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2501628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2501628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2501628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2501628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67443.857332                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67443.857332                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67443.857332                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67443.857332                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49541000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49541000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49541000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49541000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65443.857332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65443.857332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65443.857332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65443.857332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2500871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2500871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     51055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2501628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2501628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67443.857332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67443.857332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49541000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49541000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65443.857332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65443.857332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36582292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.674628                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   33715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.107843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.674628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.963573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.963573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2502385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2502385                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36582292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              393433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             393433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       392376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1179242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1179242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1179242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     50291776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     50291776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                50291776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2355313000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2082157750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36582292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           41344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        25138368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            25179712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        41344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          41344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     25112064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         25112064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           392787                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               393433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        392376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              392376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1130164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          687173127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              688303292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1130164                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1130164                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       686454091                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             686454091                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       686454091                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1130164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         687173127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1374757383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    392376.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       646.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    392787.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000048425750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         24522                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         24522                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1164113                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              367841                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       393433                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      392376                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     393433                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    392376                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              24657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              24570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              24597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              24553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              24619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              24575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              24577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              24632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              24553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              24538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             24591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             24564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             24599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             24584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             24644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             24580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              24520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              24520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              24521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              24528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              24530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              24527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              24520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              24520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              24521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              24520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             24520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             24521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             24522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             24522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             24525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             24521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3599101250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1967165000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              10975970000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9147.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27897.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    339442                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   338634                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 393433                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                392376                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   393432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   24523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   24522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   24524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   24522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   24522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   24522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   24522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   24522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   24522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   24522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   24522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   24522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   24522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   24522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   24522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   24522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       107708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     466.888996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    446.929912                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    105.392088                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           129      0.12%      0.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4759      4.42%      4.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9321      8.65%     13.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4709      4.37%     17.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        88764     82.41%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        107708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24522                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.044042                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.002987                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       6.858484                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           24521    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          24522                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24522                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000224                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.027093                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             24520     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          24522                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                25179712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 25110912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 25179712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              25112064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        688.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        686.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     688.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     686.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    36582248000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46553.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        41344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     25138368                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     25110912                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1130164.288229944650                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 687173127.369930744171                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 686422600.311648011208                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          646                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       392787                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       392376                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16579000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  10959391000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 902407218250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25664.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27901.61                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299853.25                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             384496140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             204364545                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1404102420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1024017840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2887578720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15294226320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1168251840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         22367037825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.417071                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2912152250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1221480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  32448659750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             384588960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             204387315                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1405009200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1024090920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2887578720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15286963950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1174367520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         22366986585                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.415670                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2928076500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1221480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32432735500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36582292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36582292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36582292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           406089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               406089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          406091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              406091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         392914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             392914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        392914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            392914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30715455000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30715455000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30715455000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30715455000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       799003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           799003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       799005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          799005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.491755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.491754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78173.480711                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78173.480711                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78173.480711                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78173.480711                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          392632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                392632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        392914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       392914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29929629000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29929629000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29929629000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29929629000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76173.485801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76173.485801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76173.485801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76173.485801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     392727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          400722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              400722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       400957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          400957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57634.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57634.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55634.042553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55634.042553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       392679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           392679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30701911000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  30701911000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       398046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         398046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.986517                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.986517                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78185.772603                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78185.772603                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       392679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29916555000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29916555000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.986517                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986517                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76185.777696                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76185.777696                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36582292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.786841                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  399478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                392727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.017190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.786841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.725730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.725730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1191918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1191918                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36582292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36582292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36582292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        392798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            393513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       392798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           393513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46116000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28356926000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  28403042000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46116000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28356926000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  28403042000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       392914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          393671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       392914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         393671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64497.902098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72192.134380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72178.154216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64497.902098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72192.134380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72178.154216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         392515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               392515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       393513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       393513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44686000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27571332000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27616018000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44686000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27571332000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27616018000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62497.902098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70192.139471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70178.159298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62497.902098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70192.139471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70178.159298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    393124                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       392798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           393513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46116000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28356926000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28403042000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       392914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         393671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64497.902098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72192.134380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72178.154216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       393513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44686000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27571332000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27616018000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62497.902098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70192.139471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70178.159298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       392632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       392632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       392632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       392632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36582292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.440621                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 785696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               393124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.970474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.603271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.866875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1179870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1179870                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36582292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               393671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              393670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        392632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1178459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1179973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     50274880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 50323328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2356831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1964565000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36582292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36582292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36582292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  36582292000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                55120997000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  51944                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34209676                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    93700                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    57.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              954400062                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5411614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.055121                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 55120997000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            601594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5411614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      600959                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      746172                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        296260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3751628                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         55120986                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   55120986                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3012108                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2394611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       599499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5557322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5557322                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10222504                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4210106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      600915                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1347086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     746171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4209874     75.72%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.02%     75.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.01%     75.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.01%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   600599     10.80%     86.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  745995     13.42%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5559740                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              79                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           69                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             79                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       592787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        593433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       592787                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       593433                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36274844000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  36312957000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36274844000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  36312957000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       592797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       593512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       592797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       593512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.452012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61193.723884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61191.334152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.452012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61193.723884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61191.334152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       592376                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           592376                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       593433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       593433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36821000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35089270000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35126091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36821000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35089270000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35126091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999867                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.452012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59193.723884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59191.334152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.452012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59193.723884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59191.334152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                592589                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           69                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             79                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       592787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       593433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36274844000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  36312957000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       592797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       593512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.452012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61193.723884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61191.334152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       593433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35089270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35126091000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.452012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59193.723884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59191.334152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       592515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       592515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       592515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       592515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55120997000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          864.597330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1184963                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           592589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     9.967376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   491.266098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   363.363856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.239876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.177424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.422167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          866                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.422852                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1779482                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1779482                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55120997000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3750871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3750871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3750871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3750871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     51055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     51055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3751628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3751628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3751628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3751628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67443.857332                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67443.857332                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67443.857332                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67443.857332                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49541000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49541000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49541000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49541000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65443.857332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65443.857332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65443.857332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65443.857332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3750871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3750871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     51055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3751628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3751628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67443.857332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67443.857332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49541000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49541000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65443.857332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65443.857332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55120997000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.784060                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   33715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.107843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.784060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3752385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3752385                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55120997000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              593433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             593433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       592376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1779242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1779242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1779242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     75891776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     75891776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                75891776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3555313000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3140602250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55120997000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           41344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        37938368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            37979712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        41344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          41344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     37912064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         37912064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           592787                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               593433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        592376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              592376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             750059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          688274343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689024402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        750059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            750059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       687797138                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             687797138                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       687797138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            750059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         688274343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1376821540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    592376.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       646.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    592787.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000048425750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         37022                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         37022                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1756375                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              555341                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       593433                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      592376                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     593433                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    592376                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              37153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              37066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              37093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              37049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              37115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              37071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              37073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              37130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              37057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              37042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             37095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             37068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             37103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             37088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             37148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             37082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              37016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              37016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              37017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              37024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              37026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              37027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              37024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              37024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              37025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              37024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             37024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             37025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             37026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             37022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             37021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             37017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5429361750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2967165000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              16556230500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9149.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27899.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    512061                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   511253                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 593433                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                592376                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   593432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   37023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   37022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   37024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   37022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   37022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   37022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   37022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   37022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   37022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   37022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   37022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   37022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   37022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   37022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   37022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   37022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       162470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.087339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.361733                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.964224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           129      0.08%      0.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7140      4.39%      4.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14083      8.67%     13.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7090      4.36%     17.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       134002     82.48%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        162470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37022                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.029172                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001979                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       5.581824                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           37021    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          37022                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37022                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000162                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000149                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.022050                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             37020     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          37022                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                37979712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 37910912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 37979712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              37912064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        687.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     687.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    55120953000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46483.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        41344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     37938368                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     37910912                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 750059.002016962855                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 688274343.078373551369                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 687776238.880439758301                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          646                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       592787                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       592376                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16579000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  16539651500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1362347406250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25664.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27901.51                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299801.83                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             580060740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             308283030                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2118316620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1546080480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4351036560.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       23054475930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1752167520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         33710420880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.571320                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4366787250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1840540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  48913669750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             580025040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             308290620                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2118795000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1546028280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4351036560.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       23046058740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1759255680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         33709489920                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.554430                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4385242250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1840540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  48895214750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55120997000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55120997000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55120997000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           606089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               606089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          606091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              606091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         592914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             592914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        592914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            592914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46354160000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46354160000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46354160000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46354160000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1199003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1199003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1199005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1199005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.494506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.494505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78180.241991                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78180.241991                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78180.241991                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78180.241991                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          592632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                592632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        592914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       592914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45168334000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  45168334000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45168334000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  45168334000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76180.245364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76180.245364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76180.245364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76180.245364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     592727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          600722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              600722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       600957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          600957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57634.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57634.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55634.042553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55634.042553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       592679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           592679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46340616000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  46340616000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       598046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         598046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991026                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.991026                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78188.388656                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78188.388656                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       592679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45155260000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45155260000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76188.392030                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76188.392030                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55120997000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.858532                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  599478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                592727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.011390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.858532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1791918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1791918                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55120997000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55120997000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55120997000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        592798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            593513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       592798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           593513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46116000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42795631000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  42841747000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46116000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42795631000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  42841747000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       592914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          593671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       592914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         593671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64497.902098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72192.603551                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72183.333811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64497.902098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72192.603551                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72183.333811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         592515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               592515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       593513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       593513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44686000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41610037000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41654723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44686000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41610037000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41654723000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999734                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999734                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62497.902098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70192.606925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70183.337180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62497.902098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70192.606925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70183.337180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    593124                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       592798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           593513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46116000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42795631000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42841747000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       592914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         593671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64497.902098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72192.603551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72183.333811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       593513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44686000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41610037000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41654723000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62497.902098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70192.606925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70183.337180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       592632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       592632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       592632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       592632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55120997000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.628755                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1185696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               593124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.980404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.736702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.911649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1779870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1779870                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55120997000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               593671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              593670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        592632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1778459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1779973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     75874880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 75923328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3556831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2964565000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55120997000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55120997000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55120997000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  55120997000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                73659674000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  61664                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34212052                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   111174                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    64.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1135531900                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7211614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.073660                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 73659674000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            801594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7211614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      800959                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      996172                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        396260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5001628                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         73659663                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   73659663                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4012108                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3194611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       799499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7407322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7407322                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13622504                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5610106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      800915                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1797086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     996171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5609874     75.71%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.01%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.01%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   800599     10.80%     86.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  995995     13.44%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7409740                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              79                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           69                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             79                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       792787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        793433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       792787                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       793433                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48513521000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  48551634000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48513521000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  48551634000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       792797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       793512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       792797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       793512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.452012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61193.638392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61191.851108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.452012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61193.638392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61191.851108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       792376                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           792376                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       793433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       793433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36821000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46927947000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  46964768000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36821000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46927947000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  46964768000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999900                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.452012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59193.638392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59191.851108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.452012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59193.638392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59191.851108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                792589                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           69                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             79                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       792787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       793433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48513521000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48551634000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       792797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       793512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.452012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61193.638392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61191.851108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       793433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46927947000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46964768000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.452012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59193.638392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59191.851108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       792515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       792515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       792515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       792515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73659674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          864.950354                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1584963                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           792589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999729                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     9.975587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   491.450806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   363.523961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.239966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.177502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.422339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          866                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.422852                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2379482                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2379482                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73659674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5000871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5000871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5000871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5000871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     51055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     51055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5001628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5001628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5001628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5001628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67443.857332                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67443.857332                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67443.857332                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67443.857332                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49541000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49541000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49541000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49541000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65443.857332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65443.857332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65443.857332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65443.857332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5000871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5000871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     51055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5001628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5001628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67443.857332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67443.857332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49541000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49541000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65443.857332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65443.857332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73659674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.838408                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   33715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.107843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.838408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5002385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5002385                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73659674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              793433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             793433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       792376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2379242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2379242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2379242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    101491776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    101491776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               101491776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4755313000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4199047750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73659674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           41344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        50738368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            50779712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        41344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          41344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     50712064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         50712064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           792787                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               793433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        792376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              792376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             561284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          688821512                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689382796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        561284                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            561284                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       688464410                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             688464410                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       688464410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            561284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         688821512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1377847206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    792376.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       646.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    792787.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000048425750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         49522                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         49522                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2348637                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              742841                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       793433                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      792376                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     793433                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    792376                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              49657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              49570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              49597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              49553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              49619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              49575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              49577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              49632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              49553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              49538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             49591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             49564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             49599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             49584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             49644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             49580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              49520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              49520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              49521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              49528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              49530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              49527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              49520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              49520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              49521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              49520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             49520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             49521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             49522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             49522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             49525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             49521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    7259593250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3967165000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              22136462000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9149.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27899.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    684680                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   683872                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 793433                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                792376                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   793432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   49523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   49522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   49524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   49522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   49522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   49522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   49522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   49522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   49522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   49522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   49522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   49522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   49522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   49522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   49522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   49522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       217234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.186094                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.576548                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.750900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           129      0.06%      0.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9521      4.38%      4.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        18845      8.67%     13.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9471      4.36%     17.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       179242     82.51%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        217234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49522                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.021808                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001479                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       4.826219                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           49521    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          49522                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49522                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000121                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000111                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.019065                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             49520    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          49522                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                50779712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 50710912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 50779712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              50712064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        688.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     688.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    73659630000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46449.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        41344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     50738368                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     50710912                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 561284.048039637040                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 688821511.754179120064                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 688448770.490078568459                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          646                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       792787                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       792376                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16579000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  22119883000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1822283316250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25664.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27901.42                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299770.96                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             775503960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             412190130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2832102420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          2068017840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5814494400.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       30814394370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2336351520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         45053054640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.637986                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5822119750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2459600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  65377954250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             775582500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             412212900                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2833009200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          2068090920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5814494400.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       30805472160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2343864960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         45052727040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.633538                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5841683250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2459600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  65358390750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73659674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73659674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73659674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           806089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               806089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          806091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              806091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         792914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             792914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        792914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            792914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61992837000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  61992837000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61992837000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  61992837000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1599003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1599003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1599005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1599005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.495880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.495880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78183.557107                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78183.557107                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78183.557107                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78183.557107                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          792632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                792632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        792914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       792914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60407011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  60407011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60407011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  60407011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76183.559629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76183.559629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76183.559629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76183.559629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     792727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          800722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              800722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       800957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          800957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57634.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57634.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55634.042553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55634.042553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       792679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           792679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61979293000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  61979293000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       798046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         798046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993275                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.993275                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78189.649278                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78189.649278                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       792679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60393937000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  60393937000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993275                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993275                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76189.651801                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76189.651801                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73659674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.894137                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  799478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                792727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.008516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.894137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2391918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2391918                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73659674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73659674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73659674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        792798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            793513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       792798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           793513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46116000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57234308000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  57280424000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46116000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57234308000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  57280424000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       792914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          793671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       792914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         793671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64497.902098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72192.800688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72185.867150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64497.902098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72192.800688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72185.867150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         792515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               792515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       793513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       793513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44686000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55648714000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  55693400000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44686000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55648714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  55693400000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62497.902098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70192.803211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70185.869671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62497.902098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70192.803211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70185.869671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    793124                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       792798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           793513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46116000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57234308000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  57280424000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       792914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         793671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64497.902098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72192.800688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72185.867150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       793513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44686000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55648714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  55693400000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62497.902098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70192.803211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70185.869671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       792632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       792632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       792632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       792632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73659674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.722190                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1585696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               793124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.985336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.802969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.933885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2379870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2379870                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73659674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               793671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              793670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        792632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2378459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2379973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    101474880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                101523328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4756831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3964565000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73659674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73659674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73659674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  73659674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                92198370000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  71190                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34214428                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   128307                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    70.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1312716550                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9011614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.092198                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 92198370000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1001594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9011614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1000959                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1246172                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        496260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6251628                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         92198359                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   92198359                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5012108                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3994611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       999499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9257322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9257322                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17022504                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7010106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1000915                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2247086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1246171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7009874     75.70%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.01%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1000599     10.81%     86.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1245995     13.46%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9259740                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              79                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           69                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             79                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       992787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        993433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       992787                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       993433                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60752217000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  60790330000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60752217000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  60790330000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       992797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       993512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       992797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       993512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.452012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61193.606484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61192.179040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.452012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61193.606484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61192.179040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       992376                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           992376                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       993433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       993433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36821000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58766643000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  58803464000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36821000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58766643000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  58803464000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999990                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.452012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59193.606484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59192.179040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.452012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59193.606484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59192.179040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                992589                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           69                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             79                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       992787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       993433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60752217000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  60790330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       992797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       993512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.452012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61193.606484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61192.179040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       993433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58766643000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58803464000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.452012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59193.606484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59192.179040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       992515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       992515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       992515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       992515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92198370000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          865.161411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1984963                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           992589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999783                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     9.980496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   491.561235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   363.619680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.240020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.177549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.422442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          866                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.422852                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2979482                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2979482                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92198370000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6250871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6250871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6250871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6250871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     51055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     51055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6251628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6251628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6251628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6251628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67443.857332                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67443.857332                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67443.857332                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67443.857332                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49541000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49541000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49541000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49541000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65443.857332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65443.857332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65443.857332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65443.857332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6250871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6250871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     51055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6251628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6251628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67443.857332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67443.857332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49541000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49541000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65443.857332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65443.857332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92198370000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.870900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   33715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.107843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.870900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6252385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6252385                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92198370000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              993433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             993433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       992376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2979242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2979242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2979242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    127091776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    127091776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               127091776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          5955313000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5257493250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92198370000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           41344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        63538368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            63579712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        41344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          41344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     63512064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         63512064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           992787                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               993433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        992376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              992376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             448424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          689148496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689596920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        448424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            448424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       688863198                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             688863198                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       688863198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            448424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         689148496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1378460118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    992376.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       646.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    992787.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000048425750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         62022                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         62022                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2940899                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              930341                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       993433                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      992376                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     993433                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    992376                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              62153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              62066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              62093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              62049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              62115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              62071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              62073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              62130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              62057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              62042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             62095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             62068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             62103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             62088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             62148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             62082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              62016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              62016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              62017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              62024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              62026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              62027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              62024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              62024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              62025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              62024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             62024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             62025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             62026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             62022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             62021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             62017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.74                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    9089843750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  4967165000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              27716712500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9149.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27899.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    857299                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   856491                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 993433                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                992376                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   993432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   62023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   62022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   62024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   62022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   62022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   62022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   62022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   62022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   62022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   62022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   62022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   62022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   62022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   62022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   62022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   62022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       271996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.245224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.704942                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.623454                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           129      0.05%      0.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11902      4.38%      4.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23607      8.68%     13.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11851      4.36%     17.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       224481     82.53%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        271996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        62022                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.017413                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001181                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       4.312541                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           62021    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          62022                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        62022                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000097                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000089                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.017036                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             62020    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          62022                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                63579712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 63510912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 63579712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              63512064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        688.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     688.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    92198326000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46428.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        41344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     63538368                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     63510912                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 448424.413576942810                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 689148495.792279124260                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 688850703.108959555626                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          646                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       992787                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       992376                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16579000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  27700133500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2282219966250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25664.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27901.39                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299753.29                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             971047140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             516104820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           3546316620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          2590080480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      7277952240.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       38572578870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2922002400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         56396082570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.681991                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7281272750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3078660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  81838437250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             971040000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             516120000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           3546795000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          2590028280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      7277952240.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       38566149270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2927416800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         56395501590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.675690                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7295370500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3078660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  81824339500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92198370000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92198370000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92198370000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1006089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1006089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1006091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1006091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         992914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             992914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        992914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            992914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  77631533000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77631533000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  77631533000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77631533000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1999003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1999003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1999005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1999005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.496705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.496704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78185.555849                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78185.555849                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78185.555849                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78185.555849                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          992632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                992632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        992914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       992914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  75645707000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  75645707000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  75645707000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  75645707000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76185.557863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76185.557863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76185.557863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76185.557863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     992727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1000722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1000722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1000957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1000957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57634.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57634.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55634.042553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55634.042553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       992679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           992679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  77617989000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  77617989000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       998046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         998046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.994622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78190.421073                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78190.421073                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       992679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  75632633000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  75632633000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994622                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994622                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76190.423087                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76190.423087                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92198370000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.915423                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  999478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                992727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.006800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.915423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2991918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2991918                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92198370000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92198370000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92198370000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        992798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            993513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       992798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           993513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46116000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  71673004000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  71719120000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46116000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  71673004000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  71719120000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       992914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          993671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       992914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         993671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64497.902098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72192.937536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72187.399662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64497.902098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72192.937536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72187.399662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         992515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               992515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       993513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       993513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44686000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  69687410000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  69732096000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44686000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  69687410000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  69732096000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62497.902098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70192.939551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70187.401675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62497.902098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70192.939551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70187.401675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    993124                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       992798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           993513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46116000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  71673004000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  71719120000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       992914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         993671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64497.902098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72192.937536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72187.399662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       993513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44686000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  69687410000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  69732096000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62497.902098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70192.939551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70187.401675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       992632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       992632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       992632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       992632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92198370000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.778051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1985696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               993124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.988285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.842587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.947179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2979870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2979870                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92198370000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               993671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              993670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        992632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2978459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2979973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    127074880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                127123328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           5956831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          4964565000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92198370000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92198370000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92198370000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  92198370000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               110737097000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  79560                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34218868                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   143362                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    75.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1468373999                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10811614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.110737                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                110737097000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1201594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10811614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1200959                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1496172                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        596260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7501628                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        110737086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  110737086                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6012108                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4794611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1199499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11107322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11107322                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            20422504                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8410106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1200915                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2697086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1496171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8409874     75.70%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.01%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1200599     10.81%     86.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1495995     13.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11109740                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              79                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           69                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             79                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data      1192787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total       1193433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1192787                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total      1193433                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  72990944000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  73029057000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  72990944000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  73029057000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1192797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total      1193512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1192797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total      1193512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.452012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61193.611265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61192.423035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.452012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61193.611265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61192.423035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks      1192376                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total          1192376                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total      1193433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total      1193433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36821000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  70605370000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  70642191000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36821000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  70605370000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  70642191000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.452012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59193.611265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59192.423035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.452012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59193.611265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59192.423035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements               1192589                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           69                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             79                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1192787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total      1193433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  72990944000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73029057000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1192797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total      1193512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.452012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61193.611265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61192.423035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1193433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  70605370000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  70642191000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.452012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59193.611265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59192.423035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1192515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1192515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1192515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1192515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110737097000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          865.301801                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            2384963                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs          1192589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     9.983761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   491.634690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   363.683350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.240056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.177580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.422511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          866                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.422852                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          3579482                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         3579482                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110737097000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7500871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7500871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7500871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7500871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     51055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     51055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7501628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7501628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7501628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7501628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67443.857332                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67443.857332                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67443.857332                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67443.857332                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49541000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49541000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49541000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49541000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65443.857332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65443.857332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65443.857332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65443.857332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7500871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7500871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     51055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7501628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7501628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67443.857332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67443.857332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49541000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49541000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65443.857332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65443.857332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110737097000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.892513                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   33715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.107843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.892513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7502385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7502385                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110737097000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             1193433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1193433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1192376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3579242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3579242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3579242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    152691776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    152691776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               152691776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          7155313000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         6315938250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110737097000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           41344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        76338368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            76379712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        41344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          41344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     76312064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         76312064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data          1192787                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total              1193433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks       1192376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total             1192376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             373353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          689365805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689739158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        373353                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            373353                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       689128269                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             689128269                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       689128269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            373353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         689365805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1378867427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1192376.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       646.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   1192787.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000048425750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         74522                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         74522                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              3533161                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState             1117841                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                      1193433                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                     1192376                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                    1193433                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                   1192376                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              74657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              74570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              74597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              74553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              74619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              74575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              74577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              74632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              74553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              74538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             74591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             74564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             74599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             74584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             74644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             74580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              74520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              74520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              74521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              74528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              74530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              74527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              74520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              74520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              74521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              74520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             74520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             74521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             74522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             74522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             74525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             74521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                   10920125750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  5967165000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              33296994500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9150.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27900.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                   1029918                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                  1029110                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                1193433                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6               1192376                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                  1193432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   74523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   74522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   74524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   74522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   74522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   74522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   74522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   74522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   74522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   74522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   74522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   74522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   74522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   74522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   74522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   74522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       326758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.284926                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.791432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.537110                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           129      0.04%      0.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        14282      4.37%      4.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        28369      8.68%     13.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        14233      4.36%     17.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       269719     82.54%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        326758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        74522                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.014492                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000983                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       3.934267                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           74521    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          74522                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        74522                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000081                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000074                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.015541                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             74520    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          74522                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                76379712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 76310912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 76379712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              76312064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        689.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     689.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   110737053000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46414.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        41344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     76338368                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     76310912                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 373352.752781662683                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 689365804.848577499390                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 689117866.255785942078                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          646                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      1192787                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1192376                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16579000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  33280415500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2742158456250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25664.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27901.39                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299743.08                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy            1166511780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             620015715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           4260102420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          3112017840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      8741410080.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       46333854480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3505062720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         67738975035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.709868                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8733680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3697720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  98305697000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy            1166576040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             620030895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           4261009200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          3112090920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      8741410080.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       46324732770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3512744160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         67738594065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.706428                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8753680250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3697720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  98285696750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110737097000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110737097000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110737097000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1206089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1206089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1206091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1206091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        1192914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total            1192914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       1192914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total           1192914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  93270260000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  93270260000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  93270260000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  93270260000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2399003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2399003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2399005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2399005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.497254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.497254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78186.910372                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78186.910372                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78186.910372                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78186.910372                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         1192632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total               1192632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       1192914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1192914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  90884434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  90884434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  90884434000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  90884434000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76186.912049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76186.912049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76186.912049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76186.912049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                    1192727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1200722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1200722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1200957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1200957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57634.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57634.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55634.042553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55634.042553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1192679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          1192679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  93256716000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  93256716000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1198046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1198046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995520                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.995520                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78190.960015                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78190.960015                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1192679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  90871360000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  90871360000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995520                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995520                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76190.961692                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76190.961692                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110737097000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.929582                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1199478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1192727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.005660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.929582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3591918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3591918                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110737097000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110737097000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110737097000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data       1192798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total           1193513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1192798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total          1193513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46116000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  86111731000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  86157847000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46116000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  86111731000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  86157847000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1192914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         1193671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1192914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        1193671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64497.902098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72193.054482                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72188.444533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64497.902098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72193.054482                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72188.444533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks        1192515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total              1192515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1193513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1193513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44686000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  83726137000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  83770823000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44686000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  83726137000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  83770823000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62497.902098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70193.056159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70188.446209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62497.902098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70193.056159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70188.446209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                   1193124                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1192798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          1193513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46116000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  86111731000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  86157847000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1192914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        1193671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64497.902098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72193.054482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72188.444533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1193513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44686000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  83726137000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  83770823000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62497.902098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70193.056159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70188.446209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1192632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1192632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1192632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1192632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110737097000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.815208                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                2385696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              1193124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.990246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.868940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.956022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              3579870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             3579870                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110737097000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq              1193671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp             1193670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       1192632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3578459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 3579973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    152674880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                152723328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           7156831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          5964565000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110737097000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110737097000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110737097000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 110737097000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               129275793000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  87052                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34221244                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   156837                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    80.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1607662936                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12611612                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.129276                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                129275793000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1401594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12611612                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1400958                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1746171                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        696260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8751627                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        129275793                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  129275793                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7012108                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5594611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1399499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12957320                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12957320                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            23822496                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9810104                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1400914                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3147085                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1746171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9809873     75.69%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.01%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1400598     10.81%     86.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1745995     13.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12959738                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              79                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           69                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             79                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data      1392787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total       1393433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1392787                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total      1393433                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  85229657000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  85267770000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  85229657000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  85267770000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total      1393512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total      1393512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.452012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61193.604622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61192.586942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.452012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61193.604622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61192.586942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks      1392376                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total          1392376                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total      1393433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total      1393433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36821000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  82444083000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  82480904000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36821000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  82444083000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  82480904000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.452012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59193.604622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59192.586942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.452012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59193.604622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59192.586942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements               1392589                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           69                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             79                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1392787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total      1393433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  85229657000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  85267770000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total      1393512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58998.452012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61193.604622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61192.586942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1393433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  82444083000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  82480904000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.903497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.452012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59193.604622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59192.586942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1392515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1392515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1392515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1392515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129275793000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          865.401925                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            2786027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs          1393455                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999366                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     9.986090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   491.687077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   363.728759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.240082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.177602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.422560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          866                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.422852                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          4179482                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         4179482                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129275793000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8750870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8750870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8750870                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8750870                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     51055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     51055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8751627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8751627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8751627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8751627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67443.857332                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67443.857332                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67443.857332                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67443.857332                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49541000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49541000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49541000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49541000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65443.857332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65443.857332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65443.857332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65443.857332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8750870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8750870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     51055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8751627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8751627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67443.857332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67443.857332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49541000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49541000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65443.857332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65443.857332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129275793000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.907927                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 8751627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   757                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              11560.933950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.907927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8752384                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8752384                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129275793000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             1393433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1393433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1392376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4179242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4179242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4179242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    178291776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    178291776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               178291776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          8355313000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         7374382000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129275793000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           41344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        89138368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            89179712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        41344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          41344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     89112064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         89112064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data          1392787                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total              1393433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks       1392376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total             1392376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             319812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          689520953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689840765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        319812                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            319812                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       689317481                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             689317481                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       689317481                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            319812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         689520953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1379158247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1392376.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       646.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   1392787.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000048425750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         87022                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         87022                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              4125423                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState             1305341                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                      1393433                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                     1392376                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                    1393433                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                   1392376                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              87153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              87066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              87093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              87049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              87115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              87071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              87073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              87130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              87057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              87042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             87095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             87068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             87103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             87088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             87148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             87082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              87016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              87016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              87017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              87024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              87026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              87027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              87024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              87024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              87025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              87024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             87024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             87025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             87026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             87022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             87021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             87017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                   12750395000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  6967165000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              38877263750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9150.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27900.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                   1202537                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                  1201729                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                1393433                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6               1392376                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                  1393432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   87023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   87022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   87024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   87022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   87022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   87022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   87022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   87022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   87022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   87022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   87022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   87022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   87022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   87022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   87022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   87022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       381521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.312006                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.850681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.478102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           129      0.03%      0.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16664      4.37%      4.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        33131      8.68%     13.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16613      4.35%     17.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       314958     82.55%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        381521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        87022                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.012411                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000842                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       3.640756                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           87021    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          87022                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        87022                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000069                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000063                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.014382                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             87020    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          87022                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                89179712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 89110912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 89179712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              89112064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        689.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     689.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   129275766000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46405.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        41344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     89138368                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     89110912                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 319812.387459112331                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 689520953.083613991737                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 689308569.934666752815                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          646                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      1392787                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1392376                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16579000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  38860684750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 3202097879250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25664.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27901.38                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299736.48                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy            1362047820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             723930405                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           4974316620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          3634080480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      10204867920.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       54092974350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4089926400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         79082143995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.732036                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10190781250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   4316780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT 114768231750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy            1362040680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             723941790                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           4974795000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          3634028280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      10204867920.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       54085601970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4096134720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         79081410360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.726361                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10206946000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   4316780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT 114752067000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129275793000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129275793000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129275793000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1406088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1406088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1406090                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1406090                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        1392913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total            1392913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       1392913                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total           1392913                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108908973000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 108908973000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108908973000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 108908973000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2799001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2799001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2799003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2799003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.497646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.497646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78187.922002                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78187.922002                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78187.922002                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78187.922002                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         1392632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total               1392632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       1392913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1392913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106123147000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 106123147000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106123147000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 106123147000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76187.922002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76187.922002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76187.922002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76187.922002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                    1392727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1400721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1400721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1400956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1400956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57634.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57634.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13074000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55634.042553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55634.042553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1392678                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          1392678                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108895429000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 108895429000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1398045                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1398045                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996161                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.996161                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78191.390257                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78191.390257                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1392678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106110073000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 106110073000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996161                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996161                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76191.390257                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76191.390257                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129275793000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.939680                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2799003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1392913                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.009460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.939680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4191916                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4191916                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129275793000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129275793000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129275793000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data       1392797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total           1393512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total          1393512                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46116000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 100550444000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 100596560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46116000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 100550444000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 100596560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1392913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         1393670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1392913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        1393670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64497.902098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72193.179623                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72189.231237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64497.902098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72193.179623                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72189.231237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks        1392515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total              1392515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1393512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1393512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44686000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  97764850000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  97809536000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44686000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  97764850000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  97809536000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62497.902098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70193.179623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70189.231237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62497.902098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70193.179623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70189.231237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                   1393124                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          1393512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46116000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 100550444000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 100596560000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1392913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        1393670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64497.902098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72193.179623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72189.231237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1393512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44686000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  97764850000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  97809536000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62497.902098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70193.179623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70189.231237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1392632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1392632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1392632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1392632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129275793000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.841708                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                2786302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              1393567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.991645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.887734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.962329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.531031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              4179869                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             4179869                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129275793000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq              1393670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp             1393670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       1392632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4178458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 4179972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    178274880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                178323328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           8356830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          6964565000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129275793000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129275793000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129275793000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 129275793000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
