
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 5324783000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 209600                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1382268                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   375016                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     4.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1116010399                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1789283                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.005325                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  5324783000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            241627                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1789283                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      240713                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            28                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      108349                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           110                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1320313                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           148                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          5324772                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    5324772                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1330194                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              600964                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       200708                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11557                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11557                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                16995                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                7615                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       33780                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1776084                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1776084                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3442786                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1431085                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      240562                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        348760                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     108198                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7524      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1424938     79.64%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      568      0.03%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        49      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       14      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     3024      0.17%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2152      0.12%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2233      0.12%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   238414     13.32%     93.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  106342      5.94%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2148      0.12%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1856      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1789309                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5324783000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5324783000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1314982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1314982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1314982                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1314982                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           5331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               5331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          5331                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              5331                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    385069000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    385069000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    385069000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    385069000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1320313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1320313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1320313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1320313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72232.039017                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72232.039017                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72232.039017                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72232.039017                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          5331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    374407000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    374407000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    374407000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    374407000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70232.039017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70232.039017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70232.039017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70232.039017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       5075                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1314982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1314982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          5331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              5331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    385069000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    385069000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1320313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1320313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72232.039017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72232.039017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    374407000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    374407000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70232.039017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70232.039017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5324783000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.149519                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1034916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  5075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                203.924335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.149519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.977147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.977147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1325644                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1325644                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5324783000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               23805                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              23805                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4210                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        51820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        51820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  51820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1792960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1792960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1792960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            44855000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          126190500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5324783000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          330688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1192832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1523520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       330688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         330688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       269440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           269440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            18638                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                23805                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4210                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4210                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           62103564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          224015138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              286118702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      62103564                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          62103564                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        50601123                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              50601123                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        50601123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          62103564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         224015138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             336719825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3610.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5167.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     17148.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001518094500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           212                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           212                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                50056                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3377                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        23805                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4210                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      23805                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4210                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1490                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    600                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               3505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               4230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     169804000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   111575000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                588210250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7609.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26359.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     17003                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3075                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  76.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  23805                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4210                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    22305                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     284.845691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    175.362967                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    298.794869                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2011     34.59%     34.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1760     30.28%     64.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          446      7.67%     72.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          405      6.97%     79.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          232      3.99%     83.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          269      4.63%     88.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          114      1.96%     90.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          231      3.97%     94.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          345      5.93%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      103.306604                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      54.030918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     152.537635                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              80     37.74%     37.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             56     26.42%     64.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             27     12.74%     76.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            11      5.19%     82.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            3      1.42%     83.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            4      1.89%     85.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            2      0.94%     86.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            3      1.42%     87.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            2      0.94%     88.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            4      1.89%     90.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            4      1.89%     92.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.47%     92.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.47%     93.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.47%     93.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.47%     94.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            2      0.94%     95.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.47%     95.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-607            4      1.89%     97.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            2      0.94%     98.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.47%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-735            1      0.47%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            1      0.47%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          212                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.915094                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.885761                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.003481                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               112     52.83%     52.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                10      4.72%     57.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                86     40.57%     98.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 4      1.89%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            212                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1428160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    95360                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   229504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1523520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                269440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        268.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         43.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     286.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      50.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     5324660000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      190064.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       330688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1097472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       229504                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 62103563.656960301101                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 206106427.247833400965                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 43101099.143382936716                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5167                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        18638                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4210                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    142880500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    445329750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 123970337500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27652.51                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     23893.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  29446635.99                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12602100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6682995                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             43568280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             7897860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      419799120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1369020870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         891857280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2751428505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         516.721246                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2305629750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    177580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2841573250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              28974120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              15377340                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            115760820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            10821060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      419799120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1974478860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         381997920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2947209240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         553.489079                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    975799000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    177580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4171404000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5324783000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5324783000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5324783000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           303916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               303916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          303953                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              303953                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          44855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              44855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         45083                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             45083                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1674678000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1674678000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1690010000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1690010000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       348771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           348771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       349036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          349036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.128609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.128609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.129164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.129164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37335.369524                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37335.369524                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37486.635761                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37486.635761                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5588                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5588                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         44855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1584970000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1584970000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1599846000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1599846000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.128609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.128609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.129164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.129164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35335.414112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35335.414112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35486.680123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35486.680123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      44826                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          199936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              199936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         40512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             40512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1411851000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1411851000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       240448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          240448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.168485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.168485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34850.192536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34850.192536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        40512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1330829000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1330829000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.168485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32850.241904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32850.241904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         103980                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             103980                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4343                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4343                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262827000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    262827000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       108323                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         108323                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.040093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60517.384297                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60517.384297                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4343                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4343                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254141000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    254141000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040093                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040093                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58517.384297                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58517.384297                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            37                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                37                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          228                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             228                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15332000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     15332000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          265                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           265                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.860377                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.860377                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67245.614035                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67245.614035                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          228                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          228                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14876000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14876000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.860377                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860377                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65245.614035                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65245.614035                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5324783000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.363885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  334994                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 44826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  7.473208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.363885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                394118                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               394118                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5324783000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5324783000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5324783000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           26444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               26608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            164                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          26444                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              26608                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          5167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         18639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             23806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5167                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        18639                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            23806                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    351331000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1181454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1532785000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    351331000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1181454000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1532785000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         5331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        45083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           50414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         5331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        45083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          50414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.969237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.413437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.472210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.969237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.413437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.472210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67995.161602                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63386.125865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64386.499202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67995.161602                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63386.125865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64386.499202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4210                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4210                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23806                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    340997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1144178000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1485175000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    340997000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1144178000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1485175000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.969237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.413437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.472210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.969237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.413437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.472210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65995.161602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61386.233167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62386.583214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65995.161602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61386.233167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62386.583214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     26126                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          26444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              26608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        18639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            23806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    351331000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1181454000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1532785000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         5331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        45083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          50414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.969237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.413437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.472210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67995.161602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63386.125865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64386.499202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    340997000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1144178000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1485175000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.969237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.413437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.472210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65995.161602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61386.233167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62386.583214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5588                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5588                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5588                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5588                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5324783000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.441992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  45434                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                26126                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.739034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   113.878495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   119.127010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   270.436486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.222419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.232670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.528196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.983285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                82640                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               82640                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5324783000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                50414                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               50413                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5588                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        95753                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        10662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  106415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3242880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       341184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3584064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            26655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             78354000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           225410000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5324783000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5324783000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5324783000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5324783000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15169139000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 189531                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1385460                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   318098                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1437481512                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3356740                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015169                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15169139000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            479929                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3356740                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      470736                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            30                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      142516                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           132                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2590149                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           156                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15169128                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15169128                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2752190                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1132107                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       429506                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  17951                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         17951                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                26813                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               12527                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       41038                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3339402                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3339402                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6540286                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2721142                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      470472                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        612798                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     142326                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  8248      0.25%      0.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2722322     81.10%     81.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      984      0.03%     81.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        49      0.00%     81.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     81.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       14      0.00%     81.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4960      0.15%     81.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     81.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     3634      0.11%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    3715      0.11%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   466836     13.91%     95.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  140470      4.18%     99.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3636      0.11%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1856      0.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3356777                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    37                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15169139000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15169139000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2583317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2583317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2583317                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2583317                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           6832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               6832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          6832                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              6832                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    503703000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    503703000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    503703000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    503703000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2590149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2590149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2590149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2590149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73727.019906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73727.019906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73727.019906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73727.019906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    490039000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    490039000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    490039000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    490039000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71727.019906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71727.019906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71727.019906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71727.019906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       6576                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2583317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2583317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          6832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              6832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    503703000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    503703000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2590149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2590149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73727.019906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73727.019906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    490039000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    490039000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71727.019906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71727.019906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15169139000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.946321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2199917                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  6576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                334.537257                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.946321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2596981                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2596981                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15169139000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              108416                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             108416                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6900                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       223732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       223732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 223732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      7380224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      7380224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 7380224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           142916000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          572454000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15169139000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          426304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         6512320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             6938624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       426304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         426304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       441600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           441600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6661                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           101755                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               108416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6900                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6900                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           28103375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          429313753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              457417128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      28103375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          28103375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        29111738                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              29111738                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        29111738                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          28103375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         429313753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             486528866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4705.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6661.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     97553.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003055104500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           276                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           276                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               219042                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4417                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       108416                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6900                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     108416                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6900                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    4202                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   2195                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              13408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               7910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              13592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               8872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              13873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               8592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               9119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              6323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              8160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              3606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              4130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     585000750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   521070000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2539013250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       5613.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 24363.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     88472                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4040                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  84.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 108416                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6900                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   104191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        16391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     425.177719                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    261.301534                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    364.128570                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4273     26.07%     26.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3433     20.94%     47.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1259      7.68%     54.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1413      8.62%     63.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          623      3.80%     67.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          926      5.65%     72.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          870      5.31%     78.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1357      8.28%     86.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2237     13.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         16391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      377.413043                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     111.248497                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     557.175928                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            174     63.04%     63.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           12      4.35%     67.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           11      3.99%     71.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            5      1.81%     73.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            8      2.90%     76.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            6      2.17%     78.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           10      3.62%     81.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            4      1.45%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            8      2.90%     86.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            9      3.26%     89.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            6      2.17%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            6      2.17%     93.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            4      1.45%     95.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.72%     96.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            4      1.45%     97.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            4      1.45%     98.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            2      0.72%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.36%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.992754                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.963011                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.009024                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               136     49.28%     49.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                11      3.99%     53.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               124     44.93%     98.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      1.81%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 6669696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   268928                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   300160                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  6938624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                441600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        439.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         19.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     457.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      29.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15169028000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      131543.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       426304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      6243392                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       300160                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 28103374.885021489114                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 411585126.881624579430                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 19787543.643709771335                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6661                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       101755                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6900                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    192038000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   2346975250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 366743752750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28830.21                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     23064.96                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  53151268.51                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     84.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              48330660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              25684560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            311353980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            12454920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1197318720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4468408410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2062079520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8125630770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         535.668555                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5316489500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    506480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9346169500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              68708220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              36519285                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            432733980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            12026880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1197318720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5302596000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1359605760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8409508845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         554.382740                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3487221500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    506480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11175437500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15169139000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15169139000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15169139000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           400198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               400198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          400235                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              400235                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         212752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             212752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        212980                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            212980                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8666887000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8666887000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8682219000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8682219000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       612950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           612950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       613215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          613215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.347095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.347095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.347317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.347317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40737.041250                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40737.041250                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40765.419288                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40765.419288                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8955                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8955                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       212752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        212752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       212980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       212980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8241385000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8241385000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8256261000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8256261000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.347095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.347317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38737.050651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38737.050651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38765.428679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38765.428679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     212723                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          264214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              264214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        206257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            206257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8314119000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8314119000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       470471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          470471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.438405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.438405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40309.511920                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40309.511920                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       206257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       206257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7901607000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7901607000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.438405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.438405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38309.521616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38309.521616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         135984                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             135984                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6495                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6495                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    352768000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    352768000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       142479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         142479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045586                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.045586                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54313.779831                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54313.779831                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    339778000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    339778000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045586                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045586                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52313.779831                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52313.779831                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            37                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                37                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          228                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             228                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15332000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     15332000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          265                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           265                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.860377                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.860377                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67245.614035                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67245.614035                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          228                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          228                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14876000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14876000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.860377                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860377                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65245.614035                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65245.614035                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15169139000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.074651                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  608622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                212723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.861101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.074651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                826194                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               826194                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15169139000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15169139000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15169139000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          111224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              111395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            171                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         111224                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             111395                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          6661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        101756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            108417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6661                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       101756                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           108417                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    460890000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6403236000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6864126000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    460890000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6403236000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6864126000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       212980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          219812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       212980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         219812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.974971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.493226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.974971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.493226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69192.313466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62927.355635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63312.266526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69192.313466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62927.355635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63312.266526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6900                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6900                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       101756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       108417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       101756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       108417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    447568000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6199726000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6647294000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    447568000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6199726000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6647294000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.974971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.493226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.974971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.493226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67192.313466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60927.375290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61312.284974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67192.313466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60927.375290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61312.284974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    111717                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         111224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             111395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       101756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           108417                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    460890000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6403236000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6864126000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       212980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         219812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.974971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.493226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69192.313466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62927.355635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63312.266526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       101756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       108417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    447568000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6199726000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6647294000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.974971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.493226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67192.313466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60927.375290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61312.284974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8955                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8955                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8955                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8955                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15169139000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.995905                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 204613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               111717                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.831530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    64.260557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    60.116031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   384.619316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.125509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.117414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.751210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          305                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               340996                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              340996                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15169139000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               219812                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              219811                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8955                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       434914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        13664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  448578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14203776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       437248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 14641024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            34160000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            264587000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1064895000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15169139000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15169139000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15169139000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15169139000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                28233380000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 162479                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1387232                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   265699                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    18.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1529088136                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4905904                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.028233                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 28233380000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            721399                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4905904                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      706137                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            31                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      167437                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           150                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3854645                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           159                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         28233369                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   28233369                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4195249                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1654836                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       664044                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  22593                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         22593                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                33943                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               16095                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       46330                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4885561                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4885561                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9611324                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4000340                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      705807                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        873025                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     167218                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  8774      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4006874     81.67%     81.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1290      0.03%     81.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        49      0.00%     81.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     81.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       14      0.00%     81.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     6368      0.13%     82.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       30      0.00%     82.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4708      0.10%     82.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    4789      0.10%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   701091     14.29%     96.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  165362      3.37%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4716      0.10%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1856      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4905950                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    37                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28233380000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28233380000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3846740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3846740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3846740                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3846740                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           7905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               7905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          7905                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              7905                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    583720000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    583720000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    583720000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    583720000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3854645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3854645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3854645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3854645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73841.872233                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73841.872233                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73841.872233                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73841.872233                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    567910000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    567910000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    567910000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    567910000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71841.872233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71841.872233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71841.872233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71841.872233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       7649                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3846740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3846740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          7905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              7905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    583720000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    583720000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3854645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3854645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73841.872233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73841.872233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    567910000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    567910000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71841.872233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71841.872233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28233380000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.896606                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2442737                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  7649                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                319.353772                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.896606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3862550                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3862550                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28233380000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              246298                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             246298                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9190                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       501786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       501786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 501786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     16351232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     16351232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                16351232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           292248000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1299049000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28233380000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          494336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        15268736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            15763072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       494336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         494336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       588160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           588160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           238574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               246298                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          9190                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                9190                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           17508920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          540804395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              558313316                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      17508920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          17508920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        20832079                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              20832079                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        20832079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          17508920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         540804395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             579145395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5443.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7724.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    231194.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003109820500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           320                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           320                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               494063                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5103                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       246298                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        9190                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     246298                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      9190                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    7380                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   3747                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              10837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               6923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              27653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              14355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              24671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              15969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              21938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              17861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              16816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             13717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             16880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             10081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             13469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             10415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             11306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1157881500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1194590000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5637594000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       4846.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 23596.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    209202                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4655                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  87.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 246298                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  9190                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   238880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        30480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     513.041470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    330.196183                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    386.237462                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6112     20.05%     20.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5151     16.90%     36.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2600      8.53%     45.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2526      8.29%     53.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1599      5.25%     59.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1392      4.57%     63.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1302      4.27%     67.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2447      8.03%     75.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7351     24.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         30480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      743.115625                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     174.582186                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1088.857690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            186     58.13%     58.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           16      5.00%     63.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767           14      4.38%     67.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023           14      4.38%     71.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           17      5.31%     77.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           12      3.75%     80.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            7      2.19%     83.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           10      3.12%     86.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            7      2.19%     88.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            4      1.25%     89.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            6      1.88%     91.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            8      2.50%     94.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            7      2.19%     96.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            2      0.62%     96.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            2      0.62%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            2      0.62%     98.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            5      1.56%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      0.31%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.937500                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.907946                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.005861                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               167     52.19%     52.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                11      3.44%     55.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               137     42.81%     98.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      1.56%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                15290752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   472320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   346880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 15763072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                588160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        541.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         12.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     558.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      20.83                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          4.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    28233294000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      110507.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       494336                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     14796416                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       346880                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 17508920.292221479118                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 524075261.268753528595                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 12286166.233019214123                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7724                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       238574                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         9190                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    222596750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5414997250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 688115906250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28818.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     22697.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  74876594.80                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     87.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              95347560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              50678430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            789291300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            13399740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2228684640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8326674000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3829681920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         15333757590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         543.107399                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9869499000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    942760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  17421121000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             122286780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              64993170                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            916583220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            14892660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2228684640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9043316760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3226193280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         15616950510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         553.137829                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8297710500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    942760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  18992909500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28233380000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28233380000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28233380000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           458992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               458992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          459029                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              459029                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         414271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             414271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        414499                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            414499                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19004122000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19004122000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19019454000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19019454000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       873263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           873263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       873528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          873528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.474394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.474394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.474511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.474511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45873.647926                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45873.647926                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45885.403825                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45885.403825                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           11489                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 11489                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       414271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        414271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       414499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       414499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18175582000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18175582000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18190458000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18190458000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.474394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.474394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.474511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.474511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43873.652754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43873.652754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43885.408650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43885.408650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     414242                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          299732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              299732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        406140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            406140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18573092000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18573092000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       705872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          705872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.575373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.575373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45730.762791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45730.762791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       406140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       406140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17760814000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17760814000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.575373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.575373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43730.767716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43730.767716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         159260                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             159260                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8131                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8131                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    431030000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    431030000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       167391                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         167391                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048575                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.048575                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53010.699791                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53010.699791                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414768000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    414768000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048575                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048575                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51010.699791                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51010.699791                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            37                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                37                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          228                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             228                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15332000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     15332000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          265                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           265                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.860377                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.860377                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67245.614035                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67245.614035                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          228                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          228                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14876000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14876000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.860377                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860377                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65245.614035                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65245.614035                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28233380000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.502832                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  869859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                414242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.099881                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.502832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1288026                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1288026                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28233380000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28233380000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28233380000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          175924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              176105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            181                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         175924                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             176105                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          7724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        238575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            246299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7724                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       238575                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           246299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    534375000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14949031000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  15483406000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    534375000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14949031000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  15483406000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         7905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       414499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          422404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         7905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       414499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         422404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.977103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.575574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.583089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.977103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.575574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.583089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69183.713102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62659.670963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62864.266603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69183.713102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62659.670963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62864.266603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9190                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9190                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       238575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       246299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       238575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       246299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    518927000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14471883000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14990810000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    518927000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14471883000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14990810000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.977103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.575574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.583089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.977103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.575574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.583089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67183.713102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60659.679346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60864.274723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67183.713102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60659.679346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60864.274723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    250369                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         175924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             176105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       238575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           246299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    534375000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14949031000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15483406000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         7905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       414499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         422404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.977103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.575574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.583089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69183.713102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62659.670963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62864.266603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       238575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       246299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    518927000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14471883000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14990810000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.977103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.575574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.583089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67183.713102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60659.679346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60864.274723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11489                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11489                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11489                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11489                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28233380000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.385969                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 410675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               250369                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.640279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    44.821943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    39.836374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   425.727652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.087543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.077805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.831499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               684774                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              684774                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28233380000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               422404                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              422403                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         11489                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       840486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        15810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  856296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     27263168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       505920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 27769088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            39525000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            479849000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2072490000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               7.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28233380000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28233380000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28233380000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  28233380000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                34848602000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 153685                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1388756                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   247682                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    26.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1338891785                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6446620                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.034849                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 34848602000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            964323                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6446620                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      944158                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            31                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      187929                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           164                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5116617                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           161                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         34848591                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   34848591                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5648215                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2173624                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       901262                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  26877                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         26877                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                40423                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               19335                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       50686                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6423617                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6423617                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            12669777                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5274354                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      943760                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1131448                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     187688                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  9245      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5285211     81.98%     82.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1542      0.02%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        49      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       14      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     82.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     7520      0.12%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       30      0.00%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     5752      0.09%     82.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    5833      0.09%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   938000     14.55%     97.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  185832      2.88%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                5760      0.09%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1856      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6446673                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    37                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data       172895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          173705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          810                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data       172895                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         173705                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          1376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          174                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1202                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         1376                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     11569000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73230000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total     84799000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     11569000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total     84799000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       174097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       175081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       174097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       175081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.176829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.176829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66488.505747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60923.460899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61627.180233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66488.505747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60923.460899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61627.180233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         1376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         1376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     11221000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70826000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82047000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     11221000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70826000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82047000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.176829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.176829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64488.505747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58923.460899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59627.180233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64488.505747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58923.460899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59627.180233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data       172895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         173705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         1376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     11569000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73230000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       174097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       175081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.176829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66488.505747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60923.460899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61627.180233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     11221000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70826000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82047000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.176829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64488.505747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58923.460899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59627.180233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1924                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1924                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1924                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1924                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34848602000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          201.495592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      28233430000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    12.196464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    17.837608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   171.461519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.001308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.001537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1467                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.011192                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           178472                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          178472                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34848602000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5107724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5107724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5107724                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5107724                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           8893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               8893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          8893                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              8893                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613697000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    613697000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613697000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    613697000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5116617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5116617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5116617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5116617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.001738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.001738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69008.995839                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69008.995839                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69008.995839                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69008.995839                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    595911000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    595911000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    595911000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    595911000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67008.995839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67008.995839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67008.995839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67008.995839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       8637                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5107724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5107724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          8893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              8893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613697000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    613697000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5116617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5116617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69008.995839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69008.995839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    595911000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    595911000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67008.995839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67008.995839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34848602000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.106061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3996407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  8637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                462.707769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.106061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5125510                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5125510                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34848602000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              247674                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             247674                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9190                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       501786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       501786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         2752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         2752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 504538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     16351232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     16351232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        88064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        88064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                16439296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           293624000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            7380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1299049000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34848602000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          505472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        15345664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            15851136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       505472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         505472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       588160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           588160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           239776                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               247674                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          9190                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                9190                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           14504800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          440352356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              454857156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      14504800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          14504800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        16877578                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              16877578                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        16877578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          14504800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         440352356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             471734734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5443.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7898.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    232387.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003109820500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           320                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           320                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               498495                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5103                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       247674                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        9190                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     247674                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      9190                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    7389                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   3747                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              10875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               6962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              27741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              14526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              24858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              16184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              22040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              17907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              16858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             13758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             16918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             10125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             13510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             10567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             11389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1171231250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1201425000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5676575000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       4874.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 23624.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    209962                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4655                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 247674                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  9190                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   240247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        31088                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     505.826042                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    322.439288                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    386.879959                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6517     20.96%     20.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5290     17.02%     37.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2631      8.46%     46.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2528      8.13%     54.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1599      5.14%     59.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1396      4.49%     64.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1302      4.19%     68.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2449      7.88%     76.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7376     23.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         31088                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      743.115625                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     174.582186                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1088.857690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            186     58.13%     58.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           16      5.00%     63.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767           14      4.38%     67.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023           14      4.38%     71.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           17      5.31%     77.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           12      3.75%     80.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            7      2.19%     83.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           10      3.12%     86.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            7      2.19%     88.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            4      1.25%     89.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            6      1.88%     91.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            8      2.50%     94.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            7      2.19%     96.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            2      0.62%     96.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            2      0.62%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            2      0.62%     98.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            5      1.56%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      0.31%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.937500                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.907946                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.005861                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               167     52.19%     52.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                11      3.44%     55.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               137     42.81%     98.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      1.56%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                15378240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   472896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   346880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 15851136                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                588160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        441.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          9.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     454.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      16.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    34828513000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      135591.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       505472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     14872768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       346880                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 14504799.934298655018                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 426782342.660402834415                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 9953914.363623538986                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7898                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       239776                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         9190                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    228337250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5448237750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 688115906250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28910.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     22722.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  74876594.80                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     87.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              97225380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              51676515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            792768480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            13399740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2750514000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8838107640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5939246400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         18482938155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         530.378181                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15348081500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1163500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18337020500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             124742940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              66302445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            922866420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            14892660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2750514000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9651966180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5253891840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         18785176485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         539.051078                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13562600750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1163500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  20122501250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34848602000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34848602000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34848602000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           503973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               503973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          504010                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              504010                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         627796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             627796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        628024                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            628024                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22974279000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22974279000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22989611000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22989611000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1131769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1131769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1132034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1132034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.554703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.554703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.554775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.554775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36595.134407                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36595.134407                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36606.261863                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36606.261863                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           13565                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 13565                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       627796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        627796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       628024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       628024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21718689000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21718689000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21733565000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21733565000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.554703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.554703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.554775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.554775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34595.137592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34595.137592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34606.265047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34606.265047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     627767                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          325566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              325566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        618327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            618327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22491266000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22491266000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       943893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          943893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.655082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.655082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36374.387662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36374.387662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       618327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       618327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21254614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21254614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.655082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.655082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34374.390897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34374.390897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         178407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             178407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9469                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9469                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    483013000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    483013000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       187876                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         187876                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.050400                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.050400                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51009.927131                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51009.927131                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    464075000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    464075000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.050400                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050400                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49009.927131                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49009.927131                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            37                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                37                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          228                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             228                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15332000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     15332000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          265                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           265                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.860377                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.860377                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67245.614035                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67245.614035                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          228                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          228                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14876000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14876000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.860377                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860377                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65245.614035                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65245.614035                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34848602000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.597208                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1129466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                627767                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.799180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.597208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1760057                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1760057                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34848602000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34848602000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34848602000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          215352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              215537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            185                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         215352                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             215537                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          8708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        412672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            421380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8708                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       412672                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           421380                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    558388000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17283118000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  17841506000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    558388000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17283118000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  17841506000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         8893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       628024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          636917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         8893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       628024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         636917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.979197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.657096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.661593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.979197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.657096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.661593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64123.564538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41881.004769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42340.656889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64123.564538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41881.004769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42340.656889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11114                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11114                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       421380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       421380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    540972000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16457776000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16998748000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    540972000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16457776000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16998748000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.979197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.657096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.979197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.657096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62123.564538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39881.009615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40340.661636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62123.564538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39881.009615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40340.661636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    426066                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         215352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             215537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8708                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       412672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           421380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    558388000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17283118000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  17841506000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         8893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       628024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         636917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.979197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.657096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.661593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64123.564538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41881.004769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42340.656889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       421380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    540972000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16457776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16998748000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.979197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.657096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62123.564538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39881.009615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40340.661636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13565                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13565                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13565                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13565                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34848602000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.692357                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 630534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               426066                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.479897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    40.044116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    34.991705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   435.656536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.078211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.068343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.850892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1077060                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1077060                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34848602000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               636917                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              636916                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         13565                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1269612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        17786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1287398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     41061632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       569152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 41630784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            44465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            704742000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3140115000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               9.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34848602000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34848602000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34848602000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  34848602000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                41580005000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 151653                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1390024                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   242108                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    32.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1261124590                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7982409                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.041580                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 41580005000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1208086                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7982409                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1183704                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            32                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      205868                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           176                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6377074                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         41580005                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   41580005                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7106939                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2690105                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1140033                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  30901                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         30901                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                46473                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               22363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       54498                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7956956                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7956956                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15720960                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6545358                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1183248                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1388851                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     205603                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  9675      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6559933     82.18%     82.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1760      0.02%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        49      0.00%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       14      0.00%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     8544      0.11%     82.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       36      0.00%     82.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     6748      0.08%     82.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    6829      0.09%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1176486     14.74%     97.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  203747      2.55%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                6762      0.08%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1856      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7982468                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    37                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         1601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data       364958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          366559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1601                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data       364958                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         366559                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          1969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          321                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1648                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         1969                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     21869000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    101973000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    123842000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     21869000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    101973000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    123842000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       366606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       368528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       366606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       368528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.167014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.167014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68127.725857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61876.820388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62895.886237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68127.725857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61876.820388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62895.886237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         1969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         1969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     21227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     98677000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119904000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     21227000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     98677000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119904000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.167014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.167014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66127.725857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59876.820388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60895.886237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66127.725857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59876.820388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60895.886237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data       364958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         366559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1648                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         1969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     21869000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    101973000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    123842000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       366606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       368528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.167014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68127.725857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61876.820388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62895.886237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     21227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     98677000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    119904000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.167014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66127.725857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59876.820388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60895.886237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3695                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3695                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3695                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3695                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  41580005000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          458.301811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             372223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2069                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs           179.904785                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      28233430000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    26.314183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    55.604918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   376.382710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.002872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.003497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2069                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          890                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.015785                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           374292                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          374292                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  41580005000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6367243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6367243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6367243                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6367243                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           9831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               9831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          9831                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              9831                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    641525000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    641525000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    641525000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    641525000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6377074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6377074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6377074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6377074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.001542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.001542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65255.314820                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65255.314820                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65255.314820                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65255.314820                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    621863000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    621863000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    621863000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    621863000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63255.314820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63255.314820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63255.314820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63255.314820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       9575                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6367243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6367243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          9831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              9831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    641525000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    641525000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6377074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6377074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65255.314820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65255.314820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    621863000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    621863000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63255.314820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63255.314820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  41580005000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.250781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6377074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  9831                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                648.669922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.250781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6386905                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6386905                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  41580005000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              248267                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             248267                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9190                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       501786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       501786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         3938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         3938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 505724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     16351232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     16351232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       126016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       126016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                16477248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           294217000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           10585250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1299049000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  41580005000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          514880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        15374208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            15889088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       514880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         514880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       588160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           588160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             8045                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           240222                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               248267                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          9190                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                9190                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           12382875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          369750028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              382132903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      12382875                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          12382875                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        14145260                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              14145260                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        14145260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          12382875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         369750028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             396278163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5443.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      8045.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    232833.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003109820500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           320                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           320                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               501411                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5103                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       248267                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        9190                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     248267                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      9190                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    7389                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   3747                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              10922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               6962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              27741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              14526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              24858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              16222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              22123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              18035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              16986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             13831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             16927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             10125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             13510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             10567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             11476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1179346250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1204390000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5695808750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       4896.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 23646.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    210189                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4655                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  87.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 248267                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  9190                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   240840                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        31454                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     501.146818                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    317.725952                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    387.083449                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6750     21.46%     21.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5409     17.20%     38.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2645      8.41%     47.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2528      8.04%     55.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1599      5.08%     60.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1396      4.44%     64.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1302      4.14%     68.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2449      7.79%     76.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7376     23.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         31454                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      743.115625                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     174.582186                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1088.857690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            186     58.13%     58.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           16      5.00%     63.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767           14      4.38%     67.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023           14      4.38%     71.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           17      5.31%     77.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           12      3.75%     80.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            7      2.19%     83.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           10      3.12%     86.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            7      2.19%     88.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            4      1.25%     89.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            6      1.88%     91.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            8      2.50%     94.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            7      2.19%     96.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            2      0.62%     96.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            2      0.62%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            2      0.62%     98.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            5      1.56%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      0.31%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.937500                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.907946                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.005861                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               167     52.19%     52.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                11      3.44%     55.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               137     42.81%     98.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      1.56%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                15416192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   472896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   346880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 15889088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                588160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        370.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          8.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     382.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      14.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    41565493000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      161446.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       514880                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     14901312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       346880                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 12382874.893834186718                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 358376868.882050395012                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 8342471.339289160445                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         8045                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       240222                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         9190                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    233713250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5462095500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 688115906250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29050.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     22737.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  74876594.80                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     87.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              98896140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              52564545                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            795802980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            13399740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3282177600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9322640130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8116077600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         21681558735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         521.441946                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21002232000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1388400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  19189373000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             125685420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              66803385                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            924065940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            14892660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3282177600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9971187270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7569932640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         21954744915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         528.012080                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  19580401750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1388400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  20611203250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  41580005000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  41580005000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  41580005000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           540788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               540788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          540825                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              540825                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         848460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             848460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        848688                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            848688                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27082205000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  27082205000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27097537000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  27097537000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1389248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1389248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1389513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1389513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.610733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.610733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.610781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.610781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31919.247814                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31919.247814                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31928.738241                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31928.738241                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15376                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15376                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       848460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        848460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       848688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       848688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25385285000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25385285000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25400161000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25400161000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.610733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.610781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29919.247814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29919.247814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29928.738241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29928.738241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     848432                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          345630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              345630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        837809                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            837809                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26553010000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26553010000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1183439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1183439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.707944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31693.393124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31693.393124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       837809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       837809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24877392000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24877392000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.707944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29693.393124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29693.393124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         195158                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             195158                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10651                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10651                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    529195000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    529195000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       205809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         205809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.051752                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.051752                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49685.006103                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49685.006103                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    507893000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    507893000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.051752                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051752                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47685.006103                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47685.006103                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            37                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                37                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          228                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             228                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15332000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     15332000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          265                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           265                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.860377                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.860377                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67245.614035                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67245.614035                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          228                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          228                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14876000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14876000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.860377                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860377                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65245.614035                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65245.614035                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  41580005000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.662416                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1389513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                848688                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.637248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.662416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2238201                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2238201                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  41580005000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  41580005000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  41580005000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          243508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              243693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            185                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         243508                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             243693                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        605180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            614826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9646                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       605180                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           614826                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    580588000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19813586000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  20394174000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    580588000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19813586000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  20394174000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       848688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          858519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       848688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         858519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.981182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.713077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.716147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.981182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.713077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.716147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60189.508605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32739.988103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33170.643402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60189.508605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32739.988103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33170.643402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12885                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12885                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       605180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       614826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       605180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       614826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    561296000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18603226000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19164522000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    561296000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18603226000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19164522000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.981182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.713077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.716147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.981182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.713077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.716147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58189.508605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30739.988103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31170.643402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58189.508605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30739.988103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31170.643402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    620054                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         243508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             243693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       605180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           614826                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    580588000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19813586000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20394174000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       848688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         858519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.981182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.713077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.716147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60189.508605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32739.988103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33170.643402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       605180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       614826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    561296000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18603226000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19164522000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.981182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.713077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.716147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58189.508605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30739.988103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31170.643402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15376                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15376                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15376                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15376                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  41580005000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.904052                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 873895                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               620566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.408222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    35.606082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    30.725794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   444.572176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.069543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.060011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.868305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1494461                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1494461                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  41580005000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               858519                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              858519                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15376                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1712752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        19662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1732414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     55300096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       629184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 55929280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            49155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            935399000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          4243440000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization              10.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  41580005000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  41580005000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  41580005000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  41580005000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
