
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4317328000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  88296                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34209432                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   172799                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    11.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              381175962                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000041                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1957173                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004317                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4317328000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            218832                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000041                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1957173                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      183764                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            35                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      130578                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            92                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1330451                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            90                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4317317                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4317317                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1243301                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              640869                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       167677                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  84073                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         84073                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               125484                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               65675                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       28322                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1896360                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1896360                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3666847                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1559968                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      182951                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        313420                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     130469                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 15395      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1556205     79.51%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1608      0.08%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     12878      0.66%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1125      0.06%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      506      0.03%     81.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    16689      0.85%     81.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13400      0.68%     82.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   15720      0.80%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    827      0.04%     83.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                4280      0.22%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1712      0.09%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               2568      0.13%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                856      0.04%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   160906      8.22%     92.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  126777      6.48%     98.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               22045      1.13%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               3692      0.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1957189                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         9569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           10066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9569                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          497                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          10066                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2927                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4085                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7012                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    191391000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    249025000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    440416000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    191391000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    249025000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    440416000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        12496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        17078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        12496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        17078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.234235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.891532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.410587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.234235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.891532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.410587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65388.110694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60960.832313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62808.899030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65388.110694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60960.832313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62808.899030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2313                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2313                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    185537000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    240855000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    426392000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    185537000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    240855000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    426392000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.234235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.891532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.410587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.234235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.891532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.410587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63388.110694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58960.832313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60808.899030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63388.110694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58960.832313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60808.899030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  5986                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          10066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    191391000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    249025000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    440416000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        12496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        17078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.234235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.891532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.410587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65388.110694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60960.832313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62808.899030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    185537000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    240855000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    426392000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.234235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.891532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.410587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63388.110694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58960.832313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60808.899030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4317328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1821.814837                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               9486                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             5986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.584698                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   227.189741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   301.776786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1292.848311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.110932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.147352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.631274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.889558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2013                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1699                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.982910                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            29026                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           29026                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4317328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1302100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1302100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1302100                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1302100                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          28351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              28351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         28351                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             28351                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    660980000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    660980000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    660980000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    660980000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1330451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1330451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1330451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1330451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23314.168812                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23314.168812                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23314.168812                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23314.168812                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         28351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    604280000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    604280000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    604280000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    604280000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21314.239357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21314.239357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21314.239357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21314.239357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28094                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1302100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1302100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         28351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             28351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    660980000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    660980000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1330451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1330451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23314.168812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23314.168812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    604280000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    604280000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21314.239357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21314.239357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4317328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.117017                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1126637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28094                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 40.102406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.117017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.980926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.980926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1358801                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1358801                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4317328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7012                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7012                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2313                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        16337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        16337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  16337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       596800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       596800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  596800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            18577000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           37608250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4317328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          187328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          261440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              448768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       187328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         187328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       148032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           148032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4085                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2313                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2313                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           43389800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           60555974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              103945774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      43389800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          43389800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        34287874                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              34287874                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        34287874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          43389800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          60555974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             138233648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2192.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2927.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4077.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000910806500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           126                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           126                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                17364                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2053                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7012                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2313                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7012                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2313                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    121                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      75225750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    35020000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                206550750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10740.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29490.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4470                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1754                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  63.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7012                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2313                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7004                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2952                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     198.915989                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    128.020851                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    240.144802                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1412     47.83%     47.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          846     28.66%     76.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          299     10.13%     86.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           83      2.81%     89.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           65      2.20%     91.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           49      1.66%     93.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           38      1.29%     94.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           39      1.32%     95.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          121      4.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2952                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          126                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       55.579365                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      33.208965                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     129.159149                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             103     81.75%     81.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            10      7.94%     89.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            8      6.35%     96.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            4      3.17%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.79%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            126                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          126                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.269841                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.240659                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.999301                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                47     37.30%     37.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.79%     38.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                75     59.52%     97.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      2.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            126                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  448256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   139264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   448768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                148032                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        103.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         32.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     103.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      34.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4316162000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      462859.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       187328                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       260928                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       139264                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 43389800.357999213040                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 60437381.639754965901                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 32256988.581826541573                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2927                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4085                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2313                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     93562250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    112988500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  96513904250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31965.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27659.36                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  41726720.38                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     67.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12116580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6440115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             26596500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             5178240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      340510560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1253711580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         602097120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2246650695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         520.379896                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1552658750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    144040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2620629250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               8989260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4762725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             23412060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             6180480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      340510560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1061883780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         763636320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2209375185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         511.745965                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1974010250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    144040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2199277750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4317328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4317328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4317328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           307371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               307371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          307375                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              307375                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6951                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6951                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    358137000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    358137000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363858000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    363858000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       314245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           314245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       314326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          314326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52100.232761                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52100.232761                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52346.137246                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52346.137246                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    344389000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    344389000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    349956000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    349956000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021875                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021875                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50100.232761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50100.232761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50346.137246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50346.137246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6695                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          181623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              181623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     72376000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72376000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       183683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          183683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35133.980583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35133.980583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68256000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68256000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33133.980583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33133.980583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         125748                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             125748                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4814                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4814                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    285761000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    285761000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       130562                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         130562                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036871                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.036871                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59360.407146                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59360.407146                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    276133000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    276133000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036871                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036871                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57360.407146                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57360.407146                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5721000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5721000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           81                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            81                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.950617                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.950617                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74298.701299                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74298.701299                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5567000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5567000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.950617                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.950617                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72298.701299                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72298.701299                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4317328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               249.725098                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  293393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6695                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 43.822704                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   249.725098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.975489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.975489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                321277                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               321277                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4317328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4317328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4317328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15854                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2369                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18223                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         12497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             17079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        12497                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4582                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            17079                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    347985000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300421000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    648406000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    347985000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300421000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    648406000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        28351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           35302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        28351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          35302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.483797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.483797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27845.482916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65565.473592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37965.103343                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27845.482916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65565.473592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37965.103343                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3949                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3949                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        17079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    322993000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291257000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    614250000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    322993000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291257000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    614250000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25845.642954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63565.473592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35965.220446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25845.642954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63565.473592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35965.220446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     18731                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        12497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            17079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    347985000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300421000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    648406000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        28351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          35302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.483797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27845.482916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65565.473592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37965.103343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    322993000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291257000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    614250000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25845.642954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63565.473592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35965.220446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4317328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              502.105991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  36288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                18731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.937323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    75.307238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   180.558761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.239991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.147084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.352654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.480937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                59564                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               59564                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4317328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                35302                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               35301                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        56701                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   75622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       766080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1814400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2580480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           141750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             60397000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            34755000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4317328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4317328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4317328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4317328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8539940000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  97409                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34210224                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   193203                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    20.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              415854584                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000351                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3967578                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008540                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8539940000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            443854                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000351                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3967578                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      375357                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            35                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      252335                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           125                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2653763                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            90                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8539929                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8539929                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2537535                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1281183                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       336848                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 188880                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        188880                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               280674                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              147152                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       59286                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3831502                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3831502                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7412689                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3164797                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      373534                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        625611                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     252077                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 34853      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3145369     79.28%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2716      0.07%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     29430      0.74%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2582      0.07%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1338      0.03%     81.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    37876      0.95%     82.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     82.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    31054      0.78%     82.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   36200      0.91%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1881      0.05%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                8500      0.21%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                3400      0.09%     84.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               5100      0.13%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               1700      0.04%     84.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   324190      8.17%     92.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  243667      6.14%     98.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               49344      1.24%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               8410      0.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3967610                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    42                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        22453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           23697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        22453                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1244                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          23697                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         10818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5680                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5138                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        10818                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    379147000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    317265000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    696412000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    379147000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    317265000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    696412000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        28133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        34515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        28133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        34515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.805077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.313429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.805077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.313429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66751.232394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61748.734916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64375.300425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66751.232394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61748.734916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64375.300425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3322                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3322                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        10818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        10818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    367787000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    306989000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    674776000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    367787000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    306989000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    674776000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201898                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.805077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.313429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201898                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.805077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.313429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64751.232394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59748.734916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62375.300425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64751.232394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59748.734916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62375.300425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 10325                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        22453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          23697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        10818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    379147000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    317265000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    696412000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        28133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        34515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.805077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.313429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66751.232394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61748.734916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64375.300425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    367787000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    306989000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    674776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.805077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.313429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64751.232394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59748.734916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62375.300425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5321                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5321                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5321                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5321                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8539940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1919.612982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              22356                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            10325                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.165230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   253.618771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   322.027964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1343.966247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.123837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.157240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.656234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.937311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1808                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            52185                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           52185                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8539940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2588486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2588486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2588486                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2588486                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          65277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              65277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         65277                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             65277                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1459955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1459955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1459955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1459955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2653763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2653763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2653763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2653763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.024598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.024598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22365.534568                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22365.534568                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22365.534568                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22365.534568                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         65277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        65277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1329403000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1329403000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1329403000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1329403000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20365.565207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20365.565207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20365.565207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20365.565207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      65020                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2588486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2588486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         65277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             65277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1459955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1459955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2653763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2653763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22365.534568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22365.534568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        65277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1329403000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1329403000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20365.565207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20365.565207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8539940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.531430                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2256912                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 65020                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 34.711043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.531430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2719039                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2719039                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8539940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10818                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10818                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3322                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        24958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        24958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  24958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       904960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       904960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  904960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            27428000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           58290750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8539940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          363520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          328832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              692352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       363520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         363520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       212608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           212608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5680                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10818                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3322                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3322                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           42567044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           38505189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               81072232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      42567044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          42567044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        24895725                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              24895725                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        24895725                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          42567044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          38505189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             105967958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3030.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5680.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5121.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001236978500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           173                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           173                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                27035                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2835                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10818                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3322                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10818                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3322                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    292                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     132858500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    54005000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                335377250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12300.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31050.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6077                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2388                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  56.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10818                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3322                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10801                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     165.472186                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    112.733129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    205.033284                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2805     52.54%     52.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1630     30.53%     83.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          403      7.55%     90.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          118      2.21%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           80      1.50%     94.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           56      1.05%     95.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           56      1.05%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           50      0.94%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          141      2.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       62.075145                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      37.668099                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     116.397525                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             129     74.57%     74.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            19     10.98%     85.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           17      9.83%     95.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            6      3.47%     98.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.58%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.58%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          173                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.358382                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.331131                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.963823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                56     32.37%     32.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      1.73%     34.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               110     63.58%     97.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 4      2.31%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            173                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  691264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   192192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   692352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                212608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         80.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         22.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      81.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      24.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8530211000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      603268.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       363520                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       327744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       192192                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 42567043.796560637653                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 38377787.197568133473                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 22505076.148075982928                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5680                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5138                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3322                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    189200000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    146177250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 197958250250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     33309.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28450.22                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  59590081.35                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              21391440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              11369820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             41954640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             6540660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      673645440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2305944690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1337488800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4398335490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         515.031193                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3454149250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    284960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4800830750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              16729020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               8891685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             35164500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             9135000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      673645440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2035492230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1565238240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4344296115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         508.703353                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4048313750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    284960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4206666250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8539940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8539940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8539940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           616500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               616500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          616506                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              616506                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          11077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              11077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         11154                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             11154                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    495034000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    495034000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    500755000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    500755000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       627577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           627577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       627660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          627660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44690.259095                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44690.259095                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44894.656625                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44894.656625                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7367                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7367                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         11077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    472880000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    472880000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    478447000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    478447000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42690.259095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42690.259095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42894.656625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42894.656625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      10898                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          371186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              371186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    132875000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    132875000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       375274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          375274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32503.669276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32503.669276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    124699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30503.669276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30503.669276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         245314                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             245314                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6989                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6989                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    362159000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    362159000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       252303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         252303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027701                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.027701                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51818.428960                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51818.428960                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    348181000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    348181000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027701                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027701                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49818.428960                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49818.428960                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             6                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 6                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5721000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5721000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           83                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            83                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.927711                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.927711                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74298.701299                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74298.701299                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5567000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5567000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.927711                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.927711                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72298.701299                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72298.701299                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8539940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.827752                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  588709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 10898                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 54.019912                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.827752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                638814                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               638814                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8539940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8539940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8539940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           37143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               41915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          37143                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4772                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              41915                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         28134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             34516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        28134                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            34516                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    733516000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    389955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1123471000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    733516000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    389955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1123471000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        65277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        11154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           76431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        65277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        11154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          76431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.430994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.572171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.451597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.430994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.572171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.451597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26072.225777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61102.319022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32549.281493                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26072.225777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61102.319022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32549.281493                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5321                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5321                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        34516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    677250000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    377191000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1054441000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    677250000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    377191000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1054441000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.430994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.572171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.430994                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.572171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24072.296865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59102.319022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30549.339437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24072.296865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59102.319022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30549.339437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     37201                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          37143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              41915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        28134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            34516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    733516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    389955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1123471000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        65277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          76431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.430994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.572171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.451597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26072.225777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61102.319022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32549.281493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    677250000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    377191000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1054441000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.430994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.572171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24072.296865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59102.319022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30549.339437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7367                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7367                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7367                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7367                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8539940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.998128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  77342                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                37201                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.079030                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    81.404154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   200.922808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   224.671166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.158992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.392427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.438811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.990231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               121511                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              121511                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8539940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                76431                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               76430                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7367                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        29675                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       130553                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  160228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1185344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4177664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5363008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           326380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            113266000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            55770000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8539940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8539940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8539940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8539940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12732719000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 102492                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34210224                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   204169                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    29.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              434993700                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000029                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5976218                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012733                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12732719000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            669093                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000029                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5976218                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      567398                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      372162                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           147                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3975313                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            91                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12732708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12732708                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3833667                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1921341                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       506255                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 296443                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        296443                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               440903                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              231125                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       89934                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5763146                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5763146                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11149367                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4766469                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      564561                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        936317                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     371756                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 54235      0.91%      0.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4732556     79.19%     80.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     3899      0.07%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     45798      0.77%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4041      0.07%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     2200      0.04%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    58916      0.99%     82.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     82.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    48722      0.82%     82.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   56665      0.95%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2959      0.05%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               13615      0.23%     84.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                5446      0.09%     84.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               8169      0.14%     84.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2723      0.05%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   486894      8.15%     92.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  358746      6.00%     98.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               77667      1.30%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              13010      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5976261                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    47                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        34920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           36808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        34920                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1888                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          36808                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         8253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         14444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8253                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6191                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        14444                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    556874000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    383922000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    940796000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    556874000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    383922000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    940796000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        43173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        51252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        43173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        51252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.191161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.766308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.281823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.191161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.766308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.281823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67475.342300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62012.921984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65134.034893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67475.342300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62012.921984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65134.034893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4086                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4086                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        14444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        14444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    540368000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    371540000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    911908000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    540368000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    371540000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    911908000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.191161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.766308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.191161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.766308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65475.342300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60012.921984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63134.034893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65475.342300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60012.921984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63134.034893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 14374                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        34920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          36808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        14444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    556874000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    383922000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    940796000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        43173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        51252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.191161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.766308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.281823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67475.342300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62012.921984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65134.034893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    540368000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    371540000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    911908000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.191161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.766308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65475.342300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60012.921984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63134.034893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6667                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6667                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6667                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6667                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12732719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1954.779225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              38266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            14374                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.662168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   236.865239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   319.887790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1398.026196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.115657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.156195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.682630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.954482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1350                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          469                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.991699                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            74324                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           74324                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12732719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3873818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3873818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3873818                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3873818                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         101495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             101495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        101495                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            101495                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2236233000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2236233000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2236233000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2236233000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3975313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3975313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3975313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3975313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22032.937583                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22032.937583                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22032.937583                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22032.937583                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       101495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        101495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       101495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       101495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2033245000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2033245000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2033245000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2033245000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20032.957289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20032.957289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20032.957289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20032.957289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     101238                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3873818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3873818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        101495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            101495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2236233000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2236233000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3975313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3975313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22032.937583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22032.937583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       101495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       101495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2033245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2033245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20032.957289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20032.957289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12732719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.344310                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3347091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                101238                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.061607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.344310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4076807                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4076807                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12732719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14444                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14444                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        32974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        32974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  32974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1185920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1185920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1185920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            34874000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           78018500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12732719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          528192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          396224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              924416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       528192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         528192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       261504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           261504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             8253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                14444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4086                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4086                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           41483049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           31118569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               72601618                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      41483049                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          41483049                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        20537954                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              20537954                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        20537954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          41483049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          31118569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              93139572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3610.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      8253.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6158.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001304981750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           206                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           206                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                36087                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3383                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        14444                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4086                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      14444                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4086                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      33                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    476                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     188459250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    72055000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                458665500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13077.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31827.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7512                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2841                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  52.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  14444                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4086                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    14411                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     150.732653                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    106.260311                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    186.073572                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4219     55.24%     55.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2340     30.64%     85.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          488      6.39%     92.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          145      1.90%     94.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          102      1.34%     95.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           66      0.86%     96.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           69      0.90%     97.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           56      0.73%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          153      2.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          206                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       68.766990                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      41.243788                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     114.121519                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             145     70.39%     70.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            25     12.14%     82.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           20      9.71%     92.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           10      4.85%     97.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      1.94%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.49%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.49%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            206                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          206                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.398058                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.371787                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.945746                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                62     30.10%     30.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      2.43%     32.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               134     65.05%     97.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      2.43%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            206                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  922304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   229376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   924416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                261504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         72.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         18.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      72.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      20.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12732473000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      687127.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       528192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       394112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       229376                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 41483048.514618128538                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 30952697.534595713019                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 18014691.127637390047                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         8253                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6191                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4086                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    280817500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    177848000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 295286291250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34026.11                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28726.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  72267814.79                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     57.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              31744440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              16861185                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             59747520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             8581680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1004936400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3440085090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1992450720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6554407035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         514.768844                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5145531250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    425100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7162087750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              22819440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              12125025                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             43147020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            10126800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1004936400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2950253880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2404940160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6448348725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.439255                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6222308250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    425100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6085310750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12732719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12732719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12732719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           924038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               924038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          924046                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              924046                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          15394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              15394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         15471                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             15471                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    631653000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    631653000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    637374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    637374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       939432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           939432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       939517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          939517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41032.415227                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41032.415227                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41197.983324                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41197.983324                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9715                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9715                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    600865000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    600865000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    606432000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    606432000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39032.415227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39032.415227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39197.983324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39197.983324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      15215                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          561078                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              561078                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    198179000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    198179000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       567313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          567313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31784.923817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31784.923817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    185709000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    185709000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29784.923817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29784.923817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         362960                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             362960                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9159                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9159                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    433474000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    433474000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       372119                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         372119                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024613                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.024613                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47327.655858                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47327.655858                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    415156000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    415156000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024613                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024613                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45327.655858                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45327.655858                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5721000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5721000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           85                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            85                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.905882                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.905882                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74298.701299                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74298.701299                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5567000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5567000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.905882                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.905882                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72298.701299                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72298.701299                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12732719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.872347                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  913635                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 15215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 60.048308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.872347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                954988                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               954988                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12732719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12732719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12732719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           58321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               65713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          58321                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7392                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              65713                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         43174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             51253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        43174                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8079                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            51253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1101617000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    476567000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1578184000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1101617000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    476567000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1578184000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       101495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          116966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       101495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         116966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.522203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.438187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.522203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.438187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25515.750220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58988.364897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30792.031686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25515.750220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58988.364897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30792.031686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6667                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6667                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1015271000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    460409000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1475680000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1015271000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    460409000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1475680000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.522203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.438187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.522203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.438187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23515.796544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56988.364897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28792.070708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23515.796544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56988.364897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28792.070708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     55024                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          58321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              65713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        43174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            51253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1101617000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    476567000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1578184000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       101495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         116966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.522203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.438187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25515.750220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58988.364897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30792.031686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1015271000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    460409000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1475680000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.522203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.438187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23515.796544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56988.364897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28792.070708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9715                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9715                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9715                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9715                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12732719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.645203                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 120203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                55024                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.184556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    93.114473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   203.477669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   212.053062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.181864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.397417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.414166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          271                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               182217                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              182217                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12732719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               116966                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              116965                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9715                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       202989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  243646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1611904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6495616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8107520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           507470000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            165541000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            77355000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12732719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12732719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12732719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12732719000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17065203000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 106102                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34210880                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   212125                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    37.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              452555463                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000921                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7998897                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017065                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17065203000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            893563                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000921                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7998897                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      759796                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      498596                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           199                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5298664                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17065192                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17065192                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5147171                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2561531                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       674992                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 399680                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        399680                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               594099                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              311164                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      121880                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7711555                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7711555                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14922809                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6377681                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      755984                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1254009                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     498025                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 73639      0.92%      0.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6330918     79.15%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5132      0.06%     80.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     60339      0.75%     80.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5380      0.07%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     3906      0.05%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    81432      1.02%     82.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     82.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    67930      0.85%     82.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   77815      0.97%     83.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   3794      0.05%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               15760      0.20%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                6304      0.08%     84.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               9456      0.12%     84.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               3152      0.04%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   652277      8.15%     92.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  480143      6.00%     98.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              103707      1.30%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              17882      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7998966                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    70                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        47827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           50829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        47827                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3002                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          50829                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        11906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         19655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        11906                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7749                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        19655                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    796308000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    486210000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1282518000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    796308000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    486210000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1282518000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        59733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        70484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        59733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        70484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.199320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.720770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.278858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.199320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.720770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.278858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66882.916177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62744.870306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65251.488171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66882.916177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62744.870306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65251.488171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         5461                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             5461                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        19655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        19655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    772496000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    470712000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1243208000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    772496000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    470712000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1243208000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.199320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.720770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.199320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.720770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278858                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64882.916177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60744.870306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63251.488171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64882.916177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60744.870306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63251.488171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 20299                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        47827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          50829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        11906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        19655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    796308000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    486210000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1282518000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        59733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        70484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.199320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.720770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.278858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66882.916177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62744.870306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65251.488171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    772496000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    470712000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1243208000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.199320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.720770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64882.916177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60744.870306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63251.488171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8655                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8655                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8655                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8655                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17065203000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1976.233362                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              59748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            20299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.943396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   229.420232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   322.487748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1424.325382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.112022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.157465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.695471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.964958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2043                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          282                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          561                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997559                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           101481                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          101481                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17065203000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5160464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5160464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5160464                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5160464                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         138200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             138200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        138200                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            138200                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3085592000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3085592000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3085592000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3085592000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5298664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5298664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5298664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5298664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22327.004342                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22327.004342                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22327.004342                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22327.004342                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        138200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       138200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2809194000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2809194000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2809194000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2809194000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20327.018813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20327.018813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20327.018813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20327.018813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     137943                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5160464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5160464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        138200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            138200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3085592000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3085592000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5298664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5298664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22327.004342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22327.004342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       138200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2809194000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2809194000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20327.018813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20327.018813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17065203000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.764653                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4540387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                137943                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.914950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.764653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5436863                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5436863                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17065203000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               19655                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              19655                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5461                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        44771                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        44771                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  44771                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1607424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1607424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1607424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            46960000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          106246500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17065203000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          761984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          495936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1257920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       761984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         761984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       349504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           349504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            11906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                19655                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5461                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5461                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           44651329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           29061242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               73712572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      44651329                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          44651329                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        20480506                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              20480506                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        20480506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          44651329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          29061242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              94193078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4775.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     11906.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7687.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001304981750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           272                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           272                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                48922                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4493                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        19655                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5461                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      19655                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5461                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      62                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    686                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              4418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     259172750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    97965000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                626541500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13227.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31977.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9927                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3705                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  50.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  19655                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5461                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    19593                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        10719                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     145.392667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    104.836268                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    173.595600                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5987     55.85%     55.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3259     30.40%     86.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          702      6.55%     92.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          229      2.14%     94.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          138      1.29%     96.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           80      0.75%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           84      0.78%     97.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           76      0.71%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          164      1.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         10719                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          272                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       71.911765                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      46.527436                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     102.443070                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             174     63.97%     63.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            52     19.12%     83.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           29     10.66%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           10      3.68%     97.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            5      1.84%     99.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.37%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.37%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            272                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          272                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.492647                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.468326                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.909128                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                70     25.74%     25.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 6      2.21%     27.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               188     69.12%     97.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 8      2.94%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            272                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1253952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     3968                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   304512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1257920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                349504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         73.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         17.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      73.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      20.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17055909000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      679085.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       761984                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       491968                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       304512                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 44651329.374751649797                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 28828722.400782454759                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 17844030.334710929543                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        11906                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7749                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5461                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    398157250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    228384250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 406699397500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     33441.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29472.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  74473429.32                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     55.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              42790020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              22743435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             77668920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10654020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1346676240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4632186510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2652249600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8784968745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         514.788412                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6849421250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    569660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9646121750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              33743640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              17935170                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             62225100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            14182740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1346676240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4206018030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3011128320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8691909240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         509.335238                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7786147250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    569660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8709395750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17065203000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17065203000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17065203000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1237678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1237678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1237687                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1237687                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          20559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              20559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         20636                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             20636                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    819480000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    819480000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    825201000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    825201000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1258237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1258237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1258323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1258323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39859.915366                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39859.915366                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39988.418298                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39988.418298                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12439                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12439                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         20559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    778362000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    778362000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    783929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    783929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37859.915366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37859.915366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37988.418298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37988.418298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      20380                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          750650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              750650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          9060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              9060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297246000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    297246000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       759710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          759710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32808.609272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32808.609272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    279126000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279126000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30808.609272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30808.609272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         487028                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             487028                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        11499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            11499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    522234000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    522234000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       498527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         498527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023066                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.023066                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45415.601357                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45415.601357                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    499236000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    499236000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023066                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023066                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43415.601357                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43415.601357                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             9                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 9                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5721000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5721000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           86                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            86                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.895349                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.895349                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74298.701299                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74298.701299                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5567000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5567000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.895349                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.895349                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72298.701299                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72298.701299                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17065203000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.412512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1227655                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 20380                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 60.238224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.412512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1278959                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1278959                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17065203000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17065203000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17065203000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           78466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               88351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          78466                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9885                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              88351                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         59734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             70485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        59734                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10751                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            70485                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1549025000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    610475000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2159500000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1549025000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    610475000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2159500000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       138200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        20636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          158836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       138200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        20636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         158836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.432229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.520983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.443760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.432229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.520983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.443760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25932.048749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56783.089945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30637.724339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25932.048749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56783.089945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30637.724339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8655                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8655                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        70485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        70485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1429559000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    588973000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2018532000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1429559000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    588973000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2018532000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.432229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.520983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.432229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.520983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23932.082231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54783.089945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28637.752713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23932.082231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54783.089945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28637.752713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     75754                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          78466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              88351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        59734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            70485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1549025000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    610475000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2159500000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       138200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        20636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         158836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.432229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.520983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.443760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25932.048749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56783.089945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30637.724339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        70485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1429559000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    588973000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2018532000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.432229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.520983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23932.082231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54783.089945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28637.752713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12439                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12439                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12439                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12439                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17065203000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.496913                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 166519                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                75754                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.198155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    94.108068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   209.008294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   206.380551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.183805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.408219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.403087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               247541                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              247541                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17065203000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               158836                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              158835                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12439                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        53711                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       276399                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  330110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2116800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8844736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10961536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           690995000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            221031000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           103180000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17065203000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17065203000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17065203000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17065203000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21262950000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 108459                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34210880                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   217161                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    46.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              461226618                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10011307                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021263                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21262950000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1118820                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10011307                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      952187                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      618847                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           219                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6618220                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21262939                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21262939                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6453293                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3201214                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       844345                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 507811                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        507811                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               755434                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              395598                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      152849                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9646700                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9646700                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18666831                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7981683                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      947389                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1565516                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     618127                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 93136      0.93%      0.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7920917     79.12%     80.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     6374      0.06%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     76324      0.76%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    6781      0.07%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     5244      0.05%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   102821      1.03%     82.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     82.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    86222      0.86%     82.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   98362      0.98%     83.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   4798      0.05%     83.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               20405      0.20%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                8162      0.08%     84.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              12243      0.12%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               4081      0.04%     84.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   815255      8.14%     92.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  595495      5.95%     98.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              132134      1.32%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              22632      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   10011386                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    71                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        60091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           63819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        60091                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3728                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          63819                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        14432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         9088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         23520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        14432                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9088                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        23520                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    970939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    572044000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1542983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    970939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    572044000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1542983000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        74523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        12816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        87339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        74523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        12816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        87339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.193658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.709114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.269296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.193658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.709114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.269296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67276.815410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62944.982394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65603.018707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67276.815410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62944.982394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65603.018707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         6456                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             6456                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        23520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14432                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        23520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    942075000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    553868000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1495943000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    942075000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    553868000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1495943000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.193658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.709114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.193658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.709114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65276.815410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60944.982394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63603.018707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65276.815410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60944.982394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63603.018707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 24628                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        60091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          63819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        14432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        23520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    970939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    572044000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1542983000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        74523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        12816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        87339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.193658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.709114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.269296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67276.815410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62944.982394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65603.018707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    942075000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    553868000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1495943000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.193658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.709114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65276.815410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60944.982394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63603.018707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10124                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10124                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10124                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10124                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21262950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1989.414480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              70664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            24628                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.869255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   217.782149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   321.750157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1449.882174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.106339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.157105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.707950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.971394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2043                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1067                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          681                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997559                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           124134                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          124134                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21262950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6444650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6444650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6444650                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6444650                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         173570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             173570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        173570                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            173570                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3845067000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3845067000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3845067000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3845067000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6618220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6618220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6618220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6618220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22152.831711                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22152.831711                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22152.831711                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22152.831711                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        173570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       173570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3497929000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3497929000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3497929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3497929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20152.843233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20152.843233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20152.843233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20152.843233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     173313                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6444650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6444650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        173570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            173570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3845067000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3845067000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6618220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6618220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22152.831711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22152.831711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       173570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3497929000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3497929000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20152.843233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20152.843233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21262950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.008536                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5638313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                173313                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.532545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.008536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6791789                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6791789                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21262950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               23520                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              23520                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6456                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        53496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        53496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  53496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1918464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1918464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1918464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            55800000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          127271750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21262950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          923648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          581632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1505280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       923648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         923648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       413184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           413184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            14432                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             9088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                23520                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6456                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6456                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           43439316                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           27354248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               70793563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      43439316                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          43439316                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        19432111                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              19432111                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        19432111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          43439316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          27354248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              90225674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5592.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     14432.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      9016.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001304981750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           318                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           318                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                58691                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5273                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        23520                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6456                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      23520                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6456                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      72                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    864                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               3112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              4127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              5526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     318211250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   117240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                757861250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13570.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 32320.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11460                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4358                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  48.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  23520                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6456                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    23448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13203                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     140.666212                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    102.691939                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    167.439340                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7504     56.84%     56.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4027     30.50%     87.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          800      6.06%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          256      1.94%     95.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          157      1.19%     96.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           92      0.70%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           96      0.73%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           88      0.67%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          183      1.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13203                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          318                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       73.710692                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      48.459042                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      98.554624                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             198     62.26%     62.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            65     20.44%     82.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           31      9.75%     92.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           16      5.03%     97.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      1.89%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.31%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.31%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            318                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          318                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.537736                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.514769                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.882796                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                75     23.58%     23.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 6      1.89%     25.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               228     71.70%     97.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 9      2.83%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            318                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1500672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4608                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   356928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1505280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                413184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         70.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         16.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      70.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      19.43                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21262331000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      709311.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       923648                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       577024                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       356928                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 43439315.805191658437                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 27137532.656569290906                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 16786381.946061108261                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        14432                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         9088                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6456                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    488255750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    269605500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 505056035500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     33831.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29666.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  78230488.77                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     54.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              53300100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              28325880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             93940980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            12308760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1677967200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5760428550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3314085600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10940357070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         514.526774                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8558619750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    709800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11994530250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              40997880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              21779505                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             73477740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            16803180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1677967200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5211438180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3776393280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10818856965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         508.812604                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9765757250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    709800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10787392750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21262950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21262950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21262950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1545643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1545643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1545654                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1545654                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          25224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              25224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         25301                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             25301                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    981372000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    981372000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    987093000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    987093000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1570867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1570867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1570955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1570955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38906.279734                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38906.279734                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39013.991542                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39013.991542                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           14779                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 14779                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         25224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    930924000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    930924000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    936491000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    936491000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36906.279734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36906.279734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37013.991542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37013.991542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      25045                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          940472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              940472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11627                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11627                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    383330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    383330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       952099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          952099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012212                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012212                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32968.951578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32968.951578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    360076000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    360076000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30968.951578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30968.951578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         605171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             605171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13597                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13597                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    598042000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    598042000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       618768                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         618768                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021974                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.021974                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43983.378686                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43983.378686                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    570848000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    570848000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021974                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021974                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41983.378686                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41983.378686                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            11                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                11                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5721000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5721000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           88                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            88                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.875000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.875000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74298.701299                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74298.701299                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5567000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5567000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72298.701299                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72298.701299                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21262950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.725915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1546213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 25045                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 61.737393                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.725915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1596256                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1596256                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21262950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21262950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21262950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           99046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              111531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          99046                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          12485                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             111531                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         74524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         12816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             87340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        74524                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12816                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            87340                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1910874000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    720476000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2631350000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1910874000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    720476000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2631350000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       173570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        25301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          198871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       173570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        25301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         198871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.429360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.506541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.439179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.429360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.506541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.439179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25641.055231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56216.916355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30127.662011                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25641.055231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56216.916355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30127.662011                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          10124                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                10124                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        87340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        87340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1761828000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    694844000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2456672000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1761828000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    694844000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2456672000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.429360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.506541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.429360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.506541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23641.082068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54216.916355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28127.684910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23641.082068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54216.916355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28127.684910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     93794                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          99046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          12485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             111531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        74524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12816                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            87340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1910874000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    720476000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2631350000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       173570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        25301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         198871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.429360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.506541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.439179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25641.055231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56216.916355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30127.662011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        87340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1761828000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    694844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2456672000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.429360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.506541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23641.082068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54216.916355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28127.684910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        14779                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        14779                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        14779                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        14779                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21262950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.991074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 209645                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                93794                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.235164                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    99.055955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   209.280372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   201.654748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.193469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.408751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.393857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               307956                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              307956                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21262950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               198871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              198870                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         14779                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        65381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       347139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  412520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2565120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11108416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13673536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           867845000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            272766000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           126505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21262950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21262950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21262950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21262950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25521232000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 110410                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34210880                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   221502                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    54.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              469620894                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000145                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12037342                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025521                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25521232000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1344853                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000145                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12037342                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1143653                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            38                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      741972                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           247                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7939374                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25521221                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25521221                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7772328                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3843087                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1014031                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 611128                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        611128                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               908716                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              475769                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      184716                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11598088                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11598088                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22441925                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9599421                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1137869                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1878964                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     741095                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                113020      0.94%      0.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9525284     79.13%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     7603      0.06%     80.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     91678      0.76%     80.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    8164      0.07%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     7064      0.06%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   125124      1.04%     82.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     82.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   105690      0.88%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  119678      0.99%     83.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5743      0.05%     83.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               22465      0.19%     84.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                8986      0.07%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              13479      0.11%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               4493      0.04%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   979567      8.14%     92.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  713873      5.93%     98.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              158302      1.32%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              27222      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12037435                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    79                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        72736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         4741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           77477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        72736                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4741                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          77477                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        17390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        10496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         27886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        17390                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10496                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        27886                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1172911000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    665203000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1838114000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1172911000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    665203000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1838114000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        90126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       105363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        90126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       105363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.192952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.688850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.264666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.192952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.688850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.264666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67447.441058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63376.810213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65915.297999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67447.441058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63376.810213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65915.297999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         7657                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             7657                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        27886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        27886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1138131000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    644211000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1782342000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1138131000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    644211000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1782342000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.192952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.688850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.192952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.688850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65447.441058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61376.810213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63915.297999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65447.441058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61376.810213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63915.297999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 29668                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        72736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         4741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          77477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        17390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        27886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1172911000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    665203000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1838114000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        90126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       105363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.192952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.688850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.264666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67447.441058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63376.810213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65915.297999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1138131000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    644211000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1782342000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.192952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.688850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65447.441058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61376.810213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63915.297999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11717                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11717                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11717                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11717                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25521232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1998.376270                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              93586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            29668                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.154442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   209.599838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   324.438301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1464.338131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.102344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.158417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.715009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2044                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           148792                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          148792                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25521232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7729580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7729580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7729580                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7729580                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         209794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             209794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        209794                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            209794                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4647151000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4647151000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4647151000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4647151000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7939374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7939374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7939374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7939374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22151.019572                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22151.019572                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22151.019572                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22151.019572                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       209794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        209794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       209794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       209794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4227565000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4227565000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4227565000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4227565000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20151.029105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20151.029105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20151.029105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20151.029105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     209537                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7729580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7729580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        209794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            209794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4647151000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4647151000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7939374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7939374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22151.019572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22151.019572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       209794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       209794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4227565000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4227565000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20151.029105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20151.029105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25521232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.173965                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6785157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                209537                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.381665                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.173965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8149167                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8149167                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25521232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               27886                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              27886                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7657                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        63429                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        63429                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  63429                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2274752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2274752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2274752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            66171000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          150995500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25521232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1112960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          671744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1784704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1112960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1112960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       490048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           490048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            17390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10496                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                27886                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          7657                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                7657                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           43609180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           26320986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               69930166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      43609180                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          43609180                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        19201581                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              19201581                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        19201581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          43609180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          26320986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              89131747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      6617.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     17390.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     10411.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001304981750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           375                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           375                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                69674                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                6240                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        27886                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        7657                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      27886                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      7657                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      85                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1040                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               3782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              4913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     385881750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   139005000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                907150500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13880.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 32630.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     13256                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5123                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  47.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  27886                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  7657                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    27801                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        16017                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     137.433976                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    101.610194                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    161.030031                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          9155     57.16%     57.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4924     30.74%     87.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          949      5.92%     93.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          296      1.85%     95.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          183      1.14%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          109      0.68%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          107      0.67%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          102      0.64%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          192      1.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         16017                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          375                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       74.053333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      50.541202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      92.187946                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             226     60.27%     60.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            88     23.47%     83.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           36      9.60%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           17      4.53%     97.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      1.60%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.27%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.27%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            375                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          375                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.592000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.569784                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.869224                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                80     21.33%     21.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 8      2.13%     23.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               273     72.80%     96.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                13      3.47%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            375                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1779264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     5440                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   422208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1784704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                490048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         69.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         16.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      69.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      19.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25517955000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      717946.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1112960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       666304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       422208                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 43609179.995699264109                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 26107830.531065270305                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 16543401.979967109859                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        17390                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10496                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         7657                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    591299000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    315851500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 607972033000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34002.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30092.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  79400814.03                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     53.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              63745920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              33874170                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            109877460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            13921740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2014175280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6925070790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3968514720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13129180080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         514.441469                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10248402750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    852020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  14420809250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              50629740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              26910345                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             88621680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            20514600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2014175280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6323763540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4474878720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12999493905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         509.359968                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11570672750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    852020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  13098539250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25521232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25521232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25521232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1855384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1855384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1855396                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1855396                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          30059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              30059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         30136                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             30136                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1154422000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1154422000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1160143000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1160143000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1885443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1885443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1885532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1885532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38405.203101                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38405.203101                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38496.913990                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38496.913990                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           17181                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 17181                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         30059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1094304000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1094304000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1099871000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1099871000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36405.203101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36405.203101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36496.913990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36496.913990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      29880                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1129192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1129192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         14372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             14372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    479320000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    479320000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1143564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1143564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33350.960200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33350.960200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    450576000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    450576000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31350.960200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31350.960200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         726192                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             726192                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        15687                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            15687                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    675102000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    675102000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       741879                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         741879                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.021145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43035.762096                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43035.762096                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15687                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        15687                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    643728000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    643728000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021145                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021145                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41035.762096                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41035.762096                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            12                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                12                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5721000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5721000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           89                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            89                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.865169                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.865169                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74298.701299                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74298.701299                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5567000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5567000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.865169                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.865169                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72298.701299                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72298.701299                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25521232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.938499                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1839211                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 29880                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 61.553246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.938499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1915668                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1915668                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25521232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25521232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25521232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          119667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           14899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              134566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         119667                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          14899                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             134566                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         90127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         15237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            105364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        90127                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15237                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           105364                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2309769000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    842292000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3152061000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2309769000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    842292000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3152061000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       209794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        30136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          239930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       209794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        30136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         239930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.429598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.439145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.429598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.439145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25627.936135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55279.385706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29915.920049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25627.936135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55279.385706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29915.920049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11717                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11717                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        90127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       105364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        90127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       105364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2129517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    811818000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2941335000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2129517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    811818000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2941335000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.429598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.429598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23627.958325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53279.385706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27915.939030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23627.958325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53279.385706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27915.939030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    113030                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         119667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          14899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             134566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        90127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           105364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2309769000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    842292000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3152061000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       209794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        30136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         239930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.429598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.439145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25627.936135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55279.385706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29915.920049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        90127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       105364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2129517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    811818000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2941335000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.429598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23627.958325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53279.385706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27915.939030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        17181                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        17181                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        17181                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17181                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25521232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.326269                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 251662                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               113030                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.226506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    99.011720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   209.556684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   201.757864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.193382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.409290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.394058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               370653                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              370653                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25521232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               239930                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              239929                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         17181                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        77453                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       419587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  497040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3028288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     13426752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 16455040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1048965000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            325835000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           150680000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25521232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25521232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25521232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25521232000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                29750338000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 115559                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34210880                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   232035                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    60.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              491131006                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      14055558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.029750                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 29750338000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1570389                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      14055558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1336700                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            38                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      862575                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           275                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9259781                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         29750338                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   29750338                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              9085858                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4483229                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1183477                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 720234                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        720234                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1071942                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              561100                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      215918                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13538237                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13538237                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            26196445                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           11207332                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1329932                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2191482                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     861550                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                132657      0.94%      0.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  11119282     79.11%     80.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     8842      0.06%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                    107481      0.76%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    9557      0.07%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     8702      0.06%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   146856      1.04%     82.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     82.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124558      0.89%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  140478      1.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   6733      0.05%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               26835      0.19%     84.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               10734      0.08%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              16101      0.11%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               5367      0.04%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1143042      8.13%     92.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  829636      5.90%     98.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              186890      1.33%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              31914      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   14055665                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    93                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        85022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           90731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        85022                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5709                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          90731                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        20259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        11845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         32104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        20259                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        11845                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        32104                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1366529000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    753863000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2120392000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1366529000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    753863000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2120392000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       105281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        17554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       122835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       105281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        17554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       122835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.192428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.261359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.192428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.261359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67452.934498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63643.984804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66047.595315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67452.934498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63643.984804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66047.595315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         8594                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             8594                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        32104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        32104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1326011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    730173000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2056184000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1326011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    730173000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2056184000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.192428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.261359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.192428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.261359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65452.934498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61643.984804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64047.595315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65452.934498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61643.984804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64047.595315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 34429                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        85022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          90731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        20259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        11845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        32104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1366529000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    753863000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2120392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       105281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        17554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       122835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.192428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.261359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67452.934498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63643.984804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66047.595315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1326011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    730173000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2056184000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.192428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.261359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65452.934498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61643.984804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64047.595315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13331                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13331                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13331                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13331                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2004.861830                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             136166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            36473                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.733337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   204.718718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   323.474453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1476.668659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.099960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.157947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.721030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.978936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2044                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          230                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           172639                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          172639                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9014576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9014576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9014576                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9014576                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         245205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             245205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        245205                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            245205                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5427068000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5427068000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5427068000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5427068000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9259781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9259781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9259781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9259781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22132.778695                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22132.778695                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22132.778695                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22132.778695                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       245205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        245205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       245205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       245205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4936658000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4936658000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4936658000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4936658000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20132.778695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20132.778695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20132.778695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20132.778695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     244949                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9014576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9014576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        245205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            245205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5427068000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5427068000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9259781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9259781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22132.778695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22132.778695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       245205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       245205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4936658000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4936658000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20132.778695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20132.778695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.291388                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9259781                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                245205                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 37.763427                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.291388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9504986                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9504986                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               32104                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              32104                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8594                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        72802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        72802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  72802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2604672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2604672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2604672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            75074000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          173903250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1296576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          758080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2054656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1296576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1296576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       550016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           550016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            20259                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            11845                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                32104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          8594                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                8594                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           43581891                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           25481391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               69063283                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      43581891                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          43581891                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        18487723                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              18487723                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        18487723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          43581891                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          25481391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              87551005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      7370.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     20259.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     11750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001445500500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           417                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           417                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                80102                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                6943                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        32104                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        8594                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      32104                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      8594                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      95                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1224                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               4383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              5817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              7636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     448348000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   160045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1048516750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      14006.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 32756.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     15064                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5700                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  47.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  32104                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  8594                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    32009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        18587                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     135.495992                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    100.878456                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    157.261414                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         10682     57.47%     57.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5717     30.76%     88.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1079      5.81%     94.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          335      1.80%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          210      1.13%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          129      0.69%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          121      0.65%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          111      0.60%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          203      1.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         18587                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       76.328537                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      51.904526                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      91.692001                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             247     59.23%     59.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            97     23.26%     82.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           42     10.07%     92.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           20      4.80%     97.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            8      1.92%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      0.48%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.24%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          417                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.606715                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.584972                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.859759                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                86     20.62%     20.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 9      2.16%     22.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               306     73.38%     96.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                15      3.60%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            417                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2048576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     6080                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   469888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2054656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                550016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         68.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         15.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      69.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      18.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    29737518000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      730687.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1296576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       752000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       469888                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 43581891.405737973750                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 25277023.743394106627                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 15794375.176510598511                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        20259                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        11845                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         8594                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    688956750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    359560000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 706186983750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34007.44                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30355.42                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  82172094.92                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     52.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              75012840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              39870270                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            129155460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            16291620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2347924800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8107148190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4597057920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         15312461100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         514.698727                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11870733750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    993200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  16886404250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              57698340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              30667395                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             99388800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            22033620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2347924800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7311303930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5267242560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         15136259445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         508.776050                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13620529500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    993200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  15136608500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2164079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2164079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2164093                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2164093                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          34998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              34998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         35075                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             35075                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1324241000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1324241000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1329962000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1329962000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2199077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2199077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2199168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2199168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37837.619293                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37837.619293                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37917.662153                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37917.662153                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           19646                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 19646                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         34998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1254245000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1254245000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1259812000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1259812000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35837.619293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35837.619293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35917.662153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35917.662153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      34819                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1319545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1319545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         17064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             17064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    570077000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    570077000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1336609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1336609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33408.169245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33408.169245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    535949000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    535949000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31408.169245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31408.169245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         844534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             844534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        17934                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            17934                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    754164000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    754164000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       862468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         862468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020794                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.020794                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42052.191368                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42052.191368                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17934                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        17934                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    718296000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    718296000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020794                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020794                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40052.191368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40052.191368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            14                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                14                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5721000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5721000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           91                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            91                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.846154                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.846154                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74298.701299                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74298.701299                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5567000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5567000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72298.701299                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72298.701299                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.089395                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2199168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 35075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 62.699016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.089395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2234243                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2234243                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           17521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              157445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         139924                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          17521                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             157445                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        105281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         17554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            122835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       105281                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        17554                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           122835                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2694664000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    958375000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3653039000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2694664000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    958375000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3653039000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       245205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        35075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          280280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       245205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        35075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         280280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.429359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.438258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.429359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.438258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25594.969653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54595.818617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29739.398380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25594.969653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54595.818617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29739.398380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          13331                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                13331                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       105281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       122835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       105281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       122835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2484102000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    923267000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3407369000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2484102000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    923267000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3407369000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.429359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.438258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.429359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.438258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23594.969653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52595.818617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27739.398380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23594.969653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52595.818617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27739.398380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    131750                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         139924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          17521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             157445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       105281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        17554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           122835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2694664000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    958375000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3653039000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       245205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        35075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         280280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.429359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.438258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25594.969653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54595.818617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29739.398380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       105281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       122835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2484102000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    923267000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3407369000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.429359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.438258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23594.969653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52595.818617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27739.398380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19646                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19646                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19646                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19646                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.564195                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 299926                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               132262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.267666                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    98.281059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   210.145359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   202.137777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.191955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.410440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.394800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               432188                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              432188                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               280280                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              280280                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         19646                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        89796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       490410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  580206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3502144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     15693120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19195264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1226025000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            378510000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           175375000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
